Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		
Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		

Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		
Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		
Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		

Nice Hotel...Great Location	Stayed here for my 40th B-Day. Got Studio King Suite for great rate. Very nice and big room, hardwood floors and balcony. Comfortable bed and great shower pressure. 2 elevators in hotel, one was big and the other was barely enough for 2 people with luggage. Bellman and Front desk staff were great and helpfull. Food, Starbucks, train, Whole Foods, Central Park all within steps of hotel. Overall this is great hotel and plan on staying here again in the future.	
Nov 9 2009	great hotel great service!	We stayed one night to celebrate a special birthday. We were surprised by an upgrade to a penthouse suite due to a cancellation! The suite was amazing! Clean, very spacious, nice amentities. Everything we could need and if not, the staff was always willing to help with anything you would want or need. The location was awesome, across the street from Central Park and Time Warner Bldg.The staff at 6 Columbus was young, attentive, courteous, friendly,more than helpful, and very professional. The staff at the hotel made our visit better than expected and we will definately return.We didn't try the hotel restaurant but did have room service-continental breakfast and it was on time, and very satisfying. Great place to start and end your visit in NYC.There is a store right at the corner if you forgot anything or want cold drinks/snacks/etc.	
Nov 1 2009 	really nice hotel	i stayed here for one night. we haggled the price for the room and he put it down by about 60$ . the hotel room is lovely. we got a king room.really clean and big.. loads of room. big bathroom with bath. very comfortable bed. tv ipod dock wardrobe. would recommend this hotel. nice and quiet. reception wer really nice. its a small hotel but conteporary design! but great room.we had breakfast the next morning in the restaurant and was really nice. great location	
Oct 21 2009 	Friendly staff and great location	While the contemporary-styled standard rooms here are small and lack the chairs, desk and dressers one might expect, the hotel makes up for it with a perfect location for Lincoln Center, the theater district and Central Park. From the smiling and talkative doorman to the speedy check in and check out receptionist to the friendly and capable housekeeper, the staff were all way above average.	
Oct 14 2009 	Awesome!	Great Hotel, very nice employees, with a modern 50's - 60's design and next to Central Park.For a first time in NY it's the best place to stay, Uptown.	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect New York hotel	We booked this hotel on quikbook.com at an unbelievable rate of $270/night, 2 or 3 nights before our arrival. Everything else we looked at was over $300. And this turned out to be the best place we've ever stayed in in New York. Our room was called a Pod Room, which means there is a bedroom and bathroom. No seating area and no desk! But we're never in the room anyway, so it was perfect. As you can see by the many photos here, the rooms are clean, stylish, modern. We loved that there is a Starbucks right next door, and the Columbus Circle subway station, a major subway stop with many intersecting lines, is right across the street! It's across the street from the Time Warner Center for high-end shopping. All this, plus the low rate, adds up to a perfect New York hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel- needed desk in room and the breakfast options can be improved.	Great Location, beautiful room, however it needed a desk to work on.The breakfast is served in the Japanese restaurant and was not at the standard that I expected.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beware of their booking system!	I recently stayed in New York and had originally booked this hotel going by some of the reviews on here, but still a bit sceptical about the room size. This was a personal trip, but I was hoping to use the hotel and add it to my list for accommodating my business clients and staff. Anyway, about a week before my stay I found a much better deal so decided to cancel the booking. I rang the hotel from the airport on way to another trip and everything was sorted (or I so I thought..).I got back after my stay to find an email thanking me for my stay, and asking me to fill in a questionnaire! I checked my credit card and sure enough I've been charged $290 for the first night. So I email the hotel was told blankly that I would not be refunded because I didn't keep the cancellation number (who the hell keeps these anyway). I expected the hotel to send me an email confirming my cancellation but nothing arrived. Like I said I was at the airport and wouldn't be able to check until I returned.So if you have to stay there be careful when making your booking. Who knows what the dodgy booking system might do!Whilst in NY I called into the hotel after reading about the sushi restaurant, obviously before I found that I'd been ripped off. It was very overpriced and there is a much nicer sushi bar a few doors away. The hotel is not actually on Columbus Circle at all, but a side street, and the view is of the back of a high-rise shopping centre. And it's more than a walk to Time Square. There's much better to be had in NY and in the other hotel I had a room on the 37th floor with a view of the Empire State Building for less money.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location contemporary interior design	Me and my boyfriend have stayed in a standard queen room for two nights. Rooms were well decorated in a contemporary minimalist style with great artwork on the walls. The size of the room is not big, but standard for NY. Room itself was very clean, designer toiletries in the bathroom. Pity they didn't have a trash can in the room, only in bathroom. I wish they could improve on the lighting, it was a bit dark. We found location very convenient, right next to subway and huge shopping center with Whole Foods, where we got our breakfast. There was a sushi restaurant downstairs which looked very good and very busy every night. Cabs were easy to catch right next to the hotel. Staff was very polite and helpful, as well as good looking. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Good Hotel - Extremely Friendly Staff	This is a good hotel in a great location with extremely friendly and helpful staff. I wouldn't t think that would make a difference but it does. The hotel staff definitely make this place worth a try.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good hotel but.....	My husband booked this hotel in Jan 09 for my 50th birthday in Aug, he booked a queen superior &amp; also put on the booking form that it was for a &quot;special birthday&quot; and could we have a room with a nice view. When we arrived we were allocated room 79-it was the SMALLEST room I have even seen, and looking out of the very small window the only view was of a very large white soil pipe running down the middle of the window, when I challenged the porter as to what grade of room it was, he said it was a &quot;pod&quot; room, we explained that we had booked a queen superior he suddenly changed his mind and said yes it was a queen superior! We did get moved to a better room after complaining to the front desk (still no nice view and certainly no up grade, as lots of other people seemed to get in the reviews) In the 4 days we were there only 1 of the 2 elevators worked &amp; we were on the 7th floor. Apart from the above the hotel is in a great location and was clean &amp; tidy. We felt the hotel was all style &amp; no substance, it all looks very classy on the web site.	
Aug 16 2009 	Trendy but nice...	I was persuaded to stay here by my boss instead of the Parker Meridien as she counts it as one of her favorite hotels in NYC. I came for meetings and stayed for the weekend with my partner. I thought this was a charming hotel with well-chosen decor and amenities - from the mid-century furniture in the lobby to the fur-covered walls of the elevators. My room was cozy with teak walls, great magazines, a small free-standing wardrobe and blue-tiled bathroom complete with Kiehls bath products. The location is right across the TimeWarner Center (and Columbus Circle subway stop). Time Square is a few blocks away, as well as some great restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Still Doing Well	I first stayed at 6 Columbus in November of 2007 not too long after it opened and enjoyed it very much. Since then I have had occasion to return to it a few times but haven't entered a review, so thought I would provide current thoughts. My most recent stay was from July 1-4 this year. Virtually all of my bookings there have been through Quikbook for under $200 a night in a Pod or Queen room. I don't spend much time in my Manhattan hotel rooms outside of sleeping, so I'm pretty easy to please on things like having enough space to swing a cat and tend to focus more on things like a comfortable bed, overall cleanliness, a quiet place to put your head down and a clean and functional bathroom. 6 Columbus has never disappointed on any of these fronts on any stay. It has, quite simply, become my hotel of choice in Manhattan.I can't say enough about the location - Time Warner shops, restaurants and bars and one Bkn-Brx subway stop literally right across the street, a Bkn-Qns subway stop around the corner, and Central Park as close as you can get for the money. I'm not such a lover of cities that I can do without green space so while I might go shopping in Soho, I ain't staying there. The hotel's own bar is a nice place to gather troops before starting out or for a nightcap.Staff continues to be helpful, and I've had only one negative check-in experience in the nature of no room being available when I arrived and the 15 promised minutes becoming 45, but this is definitely the exception.There's nothing yet that has been serious enough to send me elsewhere.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fundamentally unacceptable	6 Columbus was disappointing during my recent two-week stay. I travel as a consultant to non-profits, and my clients understandably want to keep hotel expenses reasonable, which 6 Columbus's rates do accomplish. I am content with a hotel that falls far short of luxury, but 6 Columbus did not meet basic needs. The rooms are small, including &quot;suites,&quot; which, surprisingly, are not really suites but rather single rooms like all others. My room reminded me of a college dorm room. It had no closet but did have a small armoire, regrettably not deep enough to hold a clothes hanger back to front, and wide enough to hold very few shirts or suits. Inquiring at the front desk, I was alerted that two cupboards were built into one side of the base of the bed, which I had not seen since a duvet hung over them. This helped, but it meant I had to get on my knees to retrieve anything. I was a single traveler; I cannot imagine how more than one person could negotiate this room. Of course the hotel finds plenty of space for its in-room mini-bar, food, and souvenir concessions. That duvet, by the way, was not clean (showing organic remnants of a previous guest), and was finally laundered or replaced on the fourth day, despite my earlier requests. The duvet is the only bed-covering: there's no sheet, so you sleep under the duvet (which, for me, became unbearably hot) or nothing. I soon realized this was not such a bad thing. Because the noise level is high (especially from staff in the hallways--and I was not even near the elevator), the only effective strategy is to turn the AC way down so it runs as much as possible to drown out the noise at night, and then it's so cold in the room that the duvet is perfect. A large roach or water-bug ground into the carpet remained for several days after my arrival (and impossible to miss) until I forced the cleaning person to deal with it as I stood by and watched. The cleaning staff was invariably pleasant; one day, however, I returned to the room at 5 in the afternoon to find them just starting on my room, which was inconvenient. The room telephone received calls, but I could not dial out or retrieve messages that were left (though they announced their presence through the blinking light). A manager came to the room to try to fix it and confessed that the hotel's whole phone system was &quot;a total mess.&quot; In two weeks the phone was never fixed. One night I called the front desk, via my cell phone, to arrange an early wake-up call the next morning and the call arrived as requested. The next morning after that someone from the staff banged on my door at the same early hour, shouting that this was my wake-up call but my phone wasn't working. (Unfortunately, that was to have been my sleep-in day.) Room was quite dark, even with all the lights on full, as the window gave on to a deep air-shaft that let in little light. Bathroom was to the usual small-hotel standard. Hallways are very narrow and are made more difficult to navigate by room-service trays, which spend entire days without being collected. Sometimes these sit in stairwells, which must surely be a safety violation. The in-room information book says they deliver the NY Times every morning, but instead they delivered the NY Post, an entirely different species of newspaper. I pointed this out at the front desk, and although the staff-person seemed not to grasp what I was saying, they did deliver the Times (along with the Post) the next day and most days thereafter. Front-desk staff was generally cold and unhelpful. Concierge was pleasant and doormen were eager and cheerful. Entry hallway leading from lobby to elevators is kept very dark (sexy and mysterious, I guess) but I found it impossible to see when entering from the brightness of the street (often via a small homeless encampment outside) and guests were forever colliding with each other in that dark hallway. 6 Columbus cultivates a chic and high-attitude veneer but does not address the essentials of what a hotel must minimally provide. Internet is $10 per day; I might expect a hotel that tries to trade in trendiness would offer it for free, as so many now do. They do respond somewhat to nudging. Still, for a two-week stay it grew depressing, and I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Upgrade and Great stay in a good NY location	Arrived Tuesday 16th for a 3 night stay, I had booked what i thought was a good deal via Quickbook for a studio suite worked out at $203+taxes, i was to very pleasantly suprised to be upgraded to a huge duplex loft suite that had great view over Time Warner.Room had two flat screen TV's, great shower and bathroom facilities,very comfy bed and pillows and a great fridge and freezer with Microwave and hob if you need it.So great start to a good break.The Location for uptown is superb, MTA just cross over the road, only a few minutes to walk to Central park and 5-10 minutes across to 5th Avenue and it's many and numerous shops.Whole foods in the basement of Time Warner building just across the road is good to buy grocery for breakfast.Hotel staff were very friendly, and kept good humour in some very unseasonal wet weather in New York, good recommendation for lunch from staffReally enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus and would be very happy to return	
Jun 20 2009 	Hmmm does boutique have to have attitude?	We booked via quikbook for a 3 night stay in June. The quikbook add said free upgrade. So upon arrival (at around 1630 check in from 1500), we were told (tersely to say the least) that 1. no room was ready, there would be a 15 minute wait and 2. there were no upgrades as they hotel was full.We waited (no apology or drink/anything offered) patiently, for about 20 minutes and finally feeling pretty ignored we questioned whether our room was ready. &quot;Don't know&quot; came the reply &quot;the hotel is full you know!&quot;. Since when has a hotel been full been the guests fault!!!! Huffily we are given an upgrade (amazing since the hotel was full!!!! presumably someone who was late got downgraded then?).Only complaint about the room was that the view was of a grotty back of an apartment block (but then we weren't expecting a panaroma!). Beds were very comfy.On the plus the location is great. The reception and attitude we got on arrival really soured things for us. I wouldn't stay again unless it was an exceptionally good deal.	
Jun 11 2009 	great location	I got a great deal on Priceline for $130.00 a night. It was very clean and nicely designed. Rooms are small, but who spends time in their room in NYC? Heated bathroom floors were a great plus, as were the Kiehl's products. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The best thing that this hotel is its location. It is located literally right next to a subway stop - 1, A, B, C, D. The hotel restaurant, Blue Ribbon, has very good sushi.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bait and Switch ...	First off, let me tell you that my husband and I have spent hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars in the Hollywood Roosevelt over the past several years. We lived in Hollywood during most of that time, and we encouraged many, many of our friends to stay there while visiting us in LA. We also spent several NYE's and multiple Memorial/Labor Days with you. Since we moved from LA, we chose you to stay when business brought us back to LA. We LOVE the Roosevelt Hotel!!!! We have always been treated with the utmost respect and, in fact, were recently upgraded when we checked in for a 1-night stay in 11/08.Based on this love, we booked the Six Columbus via a travel agent to celebrate my husband's 39th birthday this past weekend, for a studio suite at the rate of $220/nt. Although there were cheaper rooms available at your hotel, we decided to spend a bit more since it was my husband's birthday. We were so sorely disappointed that I must bring it to your attention in the hope that it will be addressed. We arrived in NYC at approx 4 pm on Wed June 3rd, 2009, and travelled to the Six Columbus, which took approx 1.5 hrs by the time we got our luggage. Our plan was to check in, freshen up and then meet up with friends for a dinner reservation at the Gramercy Park (Rose Room) for dinner at 7:30 pm. When we arrived we were informed that the front staff already knew about Dean's birthday, and that we were being checked into room 111, &quot;a very nice room.&quot; When the bellman took us up to the room, we were disappointed to discover that the room was not in any way a &quot;suite&quot;, but a regular (albeit nice) hotel room. We contacted the front desk, and the person assured us that the room was in fact a &quot;studio suite&quot; even though there was no suite area whatsoever, and the room did not match the room photos displayed on the website we had booked through (www. newyorkluxuryhotels.com). Even the bellman who brought our bags confirmed that the room was not considered a &quot;studio suite&quot; but a king superior room. We felt hustled - our first and stereotypical experience of NYC.We contacted the travel agent with whom we had booked, and that agent began the process of straightening things out, and ultimately relocating us to another hotel. All the while, time marched on as we attempted to solve our problem ON MY HUSBAND'S BIRTHDAY in the hope of making a timely dinner reservation in NYC. In the interim, the (lovely) bellman came up and informed us that the manager, Costas, had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to a king suite. The bellman took us down to room 20, which was the EXACT picture on the website depicted on that site of the studio suite that we had booked (as well as the king suite on that site). Unfortunately, the room was on the second floor directly overlooking the street, and EXTREMELY NOISY. Because we knew that we were being jerked around, and that this room was not an &quot;upgrade&quot; but the original room that we were promised, we protested. By now we had lost any chance we had of making our reservation at the Gramercy Park for dinner, and we were still dealing with our room situation. My husband went down to discuss the situation with the manager, &quot;Costas&quot;, and came up fuming with the comment that he should have known he was going to be hustled by a Greek (my husband is himself Greek - in fact we were married in Santorini, Greece). Extremely disappointing start to our NYC trip, and we did in fact miss our dinner reservation at Gramercy, which could not be rescheduled due to how busy they were that night. Basically, my husband;'s birthday celebration with friends was ruined thanks to &quot;Costas&quot; at the Six Columbus.The next day, thankfully, we moved to the Smyth Tribeca. Now THIS IS A HOTEL that knows about service!! We were treated with courtesy and respect, and the hotel was great! Too bad that one of our four nights in NYC was ruined.	
May 29 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked a queen superior room for 6 nights and were upgraded to a queen deluxe at check in. The room was a good size for New York and to a good standard. Staff were excellant and very friendly, we really couldn't fault anything about the hotel during our stay. The hotel is right at the edge of Central Park and in a very good location for visiting the rest of Manhatten. Prices seemed to change quite a bit before we booked and we got an excellant rate on the hotel website. The hotel is very close to Whole Foods in the Time Warner building which was brilliant for a wide range of good food. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel excellent location extremelly friendlly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5 nights as part of our honeymoon and we had one of our best times in NYC. Usually NYC hotels offer either small and old rooms, or big and old rooms. This case was totally new and refreshing. The 6 Columbus is a small boutique hotel in the middle of Manhattan offering modern and comfortable rooms, combined with friendlly and professional staff. The first thing we liked about the hotel is that, as honeymooners, they upgraded our room to a Studio Suite. We got a room on the 10th floor. It was a spacious room, with a big bathroom full of &quot;goodies&quot;. I must say that the bed is one of the best I've ever slept on. The area is excellent. The nearest subway is across the street, the park is two minutes away and you have lots of shops and places to eat in the vecinity. For all the sushi lovers I recommend the Blue Ribbon restaurant on the hotel, excellent sushi, friendlly and non-pretentious.Resuming, if you are looking for a nice boutique hotel in midtown Manhattan, this is definately your place. The prices are attractive and the return is more than enough. We are definatelly looking forward to visiting this hotel again.The only negative thing I can think about is that the internet was not free...	
May 10 2009 	Great Location would stay again	We recently stayed at 6 Columbus for two nights as part of a three week NYC stay where we changed hotels a few times to experience different neighbourhoods. Our first impression was that the front desk were not too friendly, however the doormen were extremely friendly. On check in we were given a room on the 2nd floor, (243 i think?) and it was pretty much what you see on the internet pictures. Nice retro style, but small room, if that was a queen bed then i'm the queen of england! it was barely a double i think. Bathroom was nice with good keihls ammenities....however we didn't stay in this room long, we had a shower straight away as we'd just come in from DC on the train, and immediately realised the noise of the air con unit outside was absolutely insane! It was a constant hum and every five mins it would 'kick into gear' and go up to a dull roar! We both said, 'we can't stay in this room' so went down and asked to be swapped, they had a room on the 8th floor available which was nowhere near as noisy so we took that one, even though it had a slightly strange smell about it-i think perhaps a weird air freshener? Room 845 (i think) was a bit bigger as well, and also had a window you could look out not a frosted glass window where i felt a bit claustrophobic like in the 2nd floor room!Staff were helpful, we asked one of the doormen for a dinner reccommendation and it was good, didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so can't comment on that.Loved the location right opposite the Time Warner building with Whole Foods in the basement which we patronised for breakfast, lunch and snacks, the subway is also right there too which is handy. We walked to 9th ave where there are many great restaurants and it was only about 7mins walk which was great. Would definitely stay here again and make sure i get a high floor room, we had a Queen deluxe i think and we got what i thought was a great rate on quikbook. Note: take the elevator up to the roof deck and take some photos from up there, we got some great shots, if they ever get the bar open up there it will be an excellent spot.	
Apr 29 2009 	Loved it! Spacious studio suite friendly staff great location...	We were staying for four nights and booked on QuikBooks - it worked out at 4 nights for the price of 3, average of $224 per night. We stayed in a studio suite on the 11th floor. Friends of ours stayed on the 10th floor in a studio suite.The suite was very spacious with lots . Bathroom had a great walk-in shower with great water pressure, and also a bath which I personally love. An oddity about the bathroom is clear glass in the window. Room had a wooden floor which I liked and the bed was large and comfortable, and there was lots of storage space. On the downside, air conditioning was noisy at times, and sound travelled from other rooms. The suite on the 10th floor was more compact, didn't have the walk-in shower, but had a fantastic balcony space (although a chair or two would have been nice). Given the hot weather, this was a great place to relax, especially in the evening.The bar and restaurant wasn't to my taste as I'm not into Japanese food - but it was busy most nights and the food looked like a work of art. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful to us at all times although they seemed a little clueless with how to deal with a guest that had her handbag stolen from the Starbucks next door - there was no advice on hand and the distraught guest had to try to think of all the things that had to be done herself from ringing the consultate to cancelling the credit cards to informing the police.Internet at $10 per day is expensive especially since it was wireless and there is no free access in the lobby.Overall, we loved it and we'd certainly stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect Location Small Rooms Great Price	I was vising a friend on the UES, &amp; didn't want to pay outrageous room rates. The location is perfect, as it's behind the Time Warner Bldg, on the lower left hand corner of Central Park.Good: There's a subway station across the street, &amp; plenty of taxis. I opted for the &quot;Pod Room&quot; as I was only there for 1 night, and didn't care much about view. The room was smaller then rooms I've had in Paris...though it was very nice. The shower was impressive, as most hotels don't have that much water pressure.Bad: The &quot;Pod Room&quot; is that it's view is of a inaccessible courtyard...which has a large HVAC pipe running up the center of it. During the night you hear Banshee like howls as this kicks on/off. If your intolerant of &quot;white noise&quot; you won't like the loud blowing of the AC into your room.(I quite liked it). The iPod alarm clock has a backlit LCD which is very bright. (other then unplugging it, I couldn't figure out how to turn it off).	
Apr 22 2009 	A disappointment!	We selected this hotel because of a prior stay at the beautiful and luxurious 60 Thompson, another hotel in this hotel group. 6 Columbus was a big disappointment because the room king size room was small and dark, the carpet was worn, and the furniture was run down. The veneer of the dresser was peeling and the furniture looked as if it had been purchased at an inexpensive second hand shop. The plus was a nice bathroom and the shower had good water pressure. A big negative was the food smells that pervaded the hallway and the room--something that I was unpleasantly aware of throughout the stay. The bell staff is helpful and friendly, but the day manager was markedly unimpressed with my dissatisfaction about the quality of the room and the food smells. We would not stay there again, despite the good location.	
Apr 19 2009 	my new favorite hotel in NYC	Yes, the rooms are small. but really is that much different than most other rooms in nyc? The pros of this hotel are great - (location to CP, subway, CNN mall, wholefoods, starbucks, great price from website) - but what really makes this place great is the staff. Every staff I've encountered (this was now my second time here) goes out of there way to be friendly, helpful and to remember you by name and preferences. I'll be back again on my next biz trip to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009	Nice hotel some issues	Booked a queen room through Quikbooks. I was grateful to check in early since I had just flown in on the red eye. Staff were cordial and helpful. Room was a good size and stylish. Bed was comfy. Found a couple of short hairs pinned to the undersheet of the comforter. I'm pretty sure the sheets were clean for the most part, since the staff inspected the room before they allowed me to check in. Rarely heard any noise from other guests, except when they shut their doors. To lock the door there's really no way to shut it softly. Housekeeping sometimes chatted loudly in the hallway, and they start knocking loudly on doors around 8.30 am to clean the rooms. Bathroom was large. Bathtub drained slowly. Had to turn off the water to let the water drain, before turning it back on. The tub finally clogged up on the last day of my stay. At check-out, hotel tried to charge me $2.75 for the mini-bar, even though I didn't use it. I thought it was a fridge for my personal use. I explained this and they promptly removed the charge. Despite the negatives, I did enjoy my stay. I feel I got a good deal on the room (I've stayed at the Hotel East Houston, which was advertised at a similar price, but not nearly as nice). The hotel is conveniently across the street from metro station and shopping. Nearby coffee shops were okay. Preferred Whole Foods across the street for better prices and better tasting food than places nearby. Bouchon Bakery, in the same complex as Whole Foods, makes very good macarroons.	
Apr 12 2009 	Does trendy have to mean dim?	The things that I liked about 6 Columbus include the great location and the great online deal that I got from the hotel's website. I especially loved the discovery of Wholefoods right across the road in Columbus Circle shops - best place for breakfast and snacks.I love the atmosphere of the hotel - very hip and trendy, but I really don't understand why this seems to mean that everything has be kept in semi darkness. Putting on make up in a dimly lit bathroom is a nightmare, and the bedroom itself is little better.Things that I didn't like (other than groping in the dark) are that the room is seriously small with no room for big bags for travellers in the middle of a big trip, and the in room internet is very expensive.There was also an inidentified loud hum that went on all night - possibly a heater or aircon unit outside - either way it had us shopping for earplugs.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent service with a smile	This hotel was great for a number of reasons. One of the first things we noticed was the friendliness of the staff. Everyone was so helpful. Because we arrived early in the morning our room was not ready, however, they called us on our cell phone as soon as it was available. They were very helpful with restaurant suggestions. Great staff! Perfect location-right by Central Park; subway across the street; Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts just around the corner; 24 hour pharmacy at the corner; great breakfast spot just up the street. Shower was great and room was small, but clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there anyway so it didn't matter. Only complaint was that they didn't offer shower caps in the bathroom. Price was very reasonable compared to other N.Y. hotels.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very central next to Central Park	We stay 5 nights in the Pod room with a double bed and we found it very roomy with a nice large bathroom. This room is much larger than the regular one at Hudson hotel where 2 persons can barely walk around the bed or fit in the bathroom. I like the room design very much. The double bed is very adequate for 2 medium build persons. Kiehl’s amenities are a plus and the heated bathroom floor is a nice touch. The bed is almost as comfortable as the heavenly bed from the Westin hotels with build-in drawer in the bed frame for additional storage space. The location of this hotel is perfect for us as we came here for the opera at the MET at the Lincoln Center (less than 5 minutes walk) and the Central Park is just across. In front of the hotel is the Time Warner Center which blocks all the traffic noise. The Columbus circle subway is in the Time Warner Center where all the major line connected. We have breakfast at the organic Whole Foods Market in the Time Warner Center where they sell food by weight, so you only pay what you want to eat. You can have excellent meal here (hot/cold) when you are in rush before the opera. The Starbuck is next door to the hotel for caffeine addicted. The staff is super nice. It is a super deal at 120$ in New York City!!! On the down side, the curtain cannot be close tightly, the room door needs a stopper to avoid the banging when it is close, especially at night and the walls are a little thin. But this should not stop you from reserve at this hotel. If you hate morning light, binder clips should solve your problem.	
Mar 23 2009 	Thin walls = no sleep	Small rooms were dimly lit. Super thin walls I could hear every noise/shower/music/conversation that were taking place in the adjacent rooms. There was a party taking place on my floor that wasn't moved till early in the morning so basically I didn't get any sleep and it totally ruined the next day for me. The only pluses were that the rooms were clean, staff is nice, I got a cheap rate using quikbook, and the location.	
Mar 17 2009 	Small rooms doesn't begin to describe it	An otherwise acceptable stay (5 nights) degraded by a room (allegedly the largest and clearly the highest price offered short of a suite) in which we couldn't sit down, except on the bed, even to work at the desk. One chair was offered, in a dimly lit vestibule. Otherwise there was literally no room to move. Closet space was a free-standing wardrobe with barely a foot of hanging space. Storage space was a drawer under the bed. Plumbing noises from adjacent rooms were noticeable and from time to time (especially during neighbors' showers) loud. I accept that space is at a premium in New York, but this is absurd. On the plus side, such as it was, it's convenient to Lincoln Center, pleasant and helpful staff and a good restaurant (Blue Ribbon) with excellent sushi. If you plan to spend any time in your room, look elsewhere.	
Mar 1 2009 	Exceptional Service and Value	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus during a random weekend in New York this February. We found 6 Columbus through Tripadvisor and were encouraged by its ranking (#128 as of this writing). In short, we were not disappointed with our choice, as it turned out to be anf extraordinary value for a NYC hotel!First off, a caveat about the location for this hotel for people not familiar with NYC. It's located right off Columbus Circle, a good 20 minute walk from Times Square. This wasn't a deal breaker by any means, however, and the Columbus Circle Subway stop is right near the hotel anyway. A Taxi ride right into the heart of Times Square was a measly $3.50, as well.Upon arrival, the doors were opened for us and we were greeted with a smile and a polite welcome by everyone in the modern-decor lobby - a great way to start a stay. Check in was a non-issue and we quickly found ourselves in one of the animal hide (fake)-lined elevators going to our room on the 9th Floor (there are 12 floors of rooms with two floors above that).We opened the door to our Queen Deluxe room and found a warmly lit, intimately sized room with a modern twist. Dark Teak floors are throughout the the main room, and you have amenities such as a Flat-screen LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, bathrobe, iron/ironing board, iPod Alarm Clock and one of the most comfortable hotel beds we've ever slept on! The brown teak headboard for the bed spanned the entire length of the wall behind us, but stopped short from the ceiling by about 6-8 inches. This space hid a recessed light that lent a nice, indirect glow to the room when on.The bathroom seems light standard fare, but is very clean and boasts an interesting extra feature - heated floors! What a treat to not step onto a cold tile floor after a nice, hot shower.After settling into our room, we made our way downstairs where we found Eric the Concierge. He was perhaps one of the most helpful and knowledgeable concierges we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He helped us with everything from our dinner plans to making reservations for us at a comedy club he recommended. Definitely a great resource to have when in NYC - even if you consider yourself knowledgeable.We had lunch at the Hotel's Blue Ribbon restaurant (Japanese) and found it about average and maybe a tad overpriced - quite contrary to the hotel. Mind you, there was nothing wrong with the Sushi we ordered, but it wasn't anything to write home about and the service was impersonal but prompt. I would say it's convenient, but you have better choices literally right across the street in the Time-Warner Building. One other note about the hotel - bring your own computer, as they do not have a business center. Overall, 6 Columbus was an excellent value, and I would highly recommend it as a great hotel outside of Times Square.	
Feb 11 2009 	Fantastic Find In The City	Where can you stay in New York where the staff knows you by name after the first day? Wonderful location near theatre, shopping and park. Rooms very nice and staff the best in New York. Great Value. Can't wait to visit again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great great location -- tiny tiny room	We stayed at the hotel for two nights. Terrific location. It's just across the street from the subway &amp; there's a great international newstand around the corner. For those who indulge in Starbucks, there's one right next to the hotel. Our room was really small. The queen-size bed felt more like a twin. The room was clean but not smartly designed. There's a great big flat screen TV -- but no hooks for your coat. The bathroom floor was heated -- but there's virtually no closet space. Great shelves for magazines -- but very little drawer space. Talk about priorities all mixed up!Overall, our stay was pleasant &amp; the staff was pleasant. The price was right too.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Rate made a Great Hotel	We stayed at the 6 Columbus for 5 nights at the end of Jan 2009. We got a superb rate through Quikbook, which made this hotel very affordable. I booked a Queen superior, as i had been informed that the pod rooms were very small. If i was indeed given a queen room, then those pod rooms must be a broom cupboard. Having said that the room was more than adequate for the 2 of us, as we did not intend to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. The only downside to the size of the room, was lack of storage for clothes, and given that it was winter we had a lot of bulky clothes, but we managed.The room was on the 5th floor at the back of the hotel, with a nice view of the shaft, but didn't think this mattered as I wasn't going to spend my time looking out of the window.The under floor heating in the bathroom was indeed a nice touch, as other's have mentioned, but couldn't quite work out how it worked. The shower was great - powerful &amp; hot! The only downside of the bathroom was the miniscule towels - no good for wrapping up wet hair! The mini bar was packed full, but didn't try anything as there is a Duane Reade next door. Service at the hotel was very good, very attentative door staff, and it was nice to receive a plate of cookies half way through our stay. The bar staff where also very pleasant in the Blue Ribbon bar &amp; restaurant (we did not eat there). The cleaning staff where a little noisy in the mornings, but really we should have been up and seeing the sights anyway.This hotel is in a great location, right opposite the subway, and over the way from Central Park, a few nice bars &amp; restaurants nearby. I would definitely recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a great rate, as otherwise i think it is quite pricey.	
Feb 3 2009 	Mixed	I have to differ with most of the reviews I've read. Maybe it's a generation thing. Yes, the staff are fine: very helpful. And the place is clean. But: why is it that so many &quot;4 star&quot; hotels in NYC give you less than a Holiday Inn and charge you much more money? No coffee in the room. No free WiFi. No ironing board/iron. Three big marks against the place in my book. And the NYC-tiny rooms. Not as bad as the Hudson down the street, but still: no place to sit and relax, read a book, etc. And the decor. Yikes! Dark blue hallways; elevator walls covered in faux black fur with industrial metal accents. I felt like I was entering a dungeon. But it's a fabulous location. The bed was OK, the soaps were nice, and it was quiet. But then again, I booked with Priceline, so my window faced an brick wall, not the street.	
Feb 2 2009	Rip off rate for international phone calls! Don't stay here!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and we are from Hong Kong. So making a few international phone calls back home was necessary. After staying at the hotel for a few days and making just a few phone calls (literally less than 5 or 6 calls got thru the line and none of our calls were more than 10 minutes each), I asked the concierge how much our phone bill was. Guess what? 6 Columbus charged me more than US$500+ for just a few phone calls!!! They explained that international phone calls cost US$10 per minute. This rate was absolutely ridiculous and the manager blamed us by saying that why didn't we check out the rate in the little book stored in our desk b4 we make the calls. After speaking the manager, we checked out the booklet and it actually didn't set out the rate at all but just mentioned that guests should ask the concierge for the exact rate for making international phone calls. It just didn't make sense to us at all. How could you justify charging the guest US$10 per minute? My 5 minute phone call to a friend asking a few questions cost me US$50+!!!! Completely ridiculous. WE WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANY INTERNATIONAL GUEST TO STAY AT 6 COLUMBUS. It's a complete rip off, given that the economy is so poor in the US. Such ridiculous charging rate is totally unacceptable. And the worse thing was, they refuse to do anything about it at all!!!!!!!!! Our original impression of the hotel was actually pretty good, given the location and the hotel rate and all that. But with the rip off phone rates, i guess that's how the hotels make profit!!! We are going to tell all our friends NOT to stay here if anyone goes to NYC. Completely disappointed!!!!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Beauty Brains and Brawn. Must Read review!	My Monday (MLK Holiday) overnight accommodations at 6 Columbus far exceeded my expectations. I was greeted by the Doorman as I entered and again by the host of Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill. The staff at the front desk were delightful, especially Adrianna! My reservation for a Pod room was gleefully upgraded to a suite, room 103 on the tenth floor. The lobby is small but neatly furnished with a long modern sofa and bright round club chairs. Neat artist’s prints hung on the wall, low lighting down the hallway of the elevators. The elevators are modern. I stepped into a blue hallway with Thompson Hotels signature carpet. I felt like I was in a residential apartment building with my room number glowing bright. My room key was tucked into a designer 6 Columbus packet.I entered into an oversized, modern, thoughtfully designed room. Large platform bed, Frette Linens and robe, 2 modern side chairs and table and flat screen television and black and white cabinet with mini bar, Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray and available shag kit.Luxurious drapes hide French doors which lead to a giant balcony; behind frosted doors were a large walk in closet and gorgeous bathroom. Another window looking towards 58th street was tucked in an angled corner, beautifully shaded silver floor lamp.No carpet! All hardwood floors and allergy-free including the teak headboard. Wall pockets containing glossy design and fashion magazines. 2 bendable reading lamps.A blue throw, white duvet, striped pillow and drapes were all made of the finest quality luxury material. The bathroom was a standout with navy vertical subway tiles, under mounted sink, private loo area, free standing two person shower, large deep soaking tub with its own shower. High end bath toiletries from Kiehl’s, thoughtful extras like cotton balls and swabs, fluffy white towels and a giant round magnifying mirror under lit in blue. Located in the lobby is Blue Ribbon Sushi &amp; Grill, always open extra late and welcoming to my late arrival. Located directly across the street from 6 Columbus is the Time Warner Center, a luxury shopping venue. Close to subways, Columbus Circle and Central Park made 6 Columbus a Thompson Hotel to be envied by all Manhattan boutique Hotels.Yes, I will stay there again. Thank you 6 Columbus.	
Jan 21 2009 	Amazing Stay (And yes the doormen are hot!)	I booked the hotel through Quickbook at a rate of $127 for Fri/Sat and $90 for Sun. There were no problems with the booking, and I would throughly recommend Quikbook as a third party agent.Upon checkin I was given a free upgrade from standard queen to supeior (or deluxe - not sure which it is). The doormen make you feel very special, and could not do more to help. (As others have said they are all pretty hot too!!) :) I didn't really find the noise of the aircon too loud, the view was of some non-descript building and some shafts, but that didn't bother me. The only minor negatives I can think of (and I'm having to think hard) were that the ipod docking station wasn't dusted down and the bed frame sticks out a little, so I banged my leg a few times! For the rate I got, these are such small things that it really means nothing compared to the fantastic service, and great clean rooms at the 6 Columbus. Location, quality and genuine warmth and hospitality from the staff here makes this place exactly what it is: a PERFECT little hotel for any traveller to New York City.	
Jan 14 2009	Terrific stay at 6 Columbus	My friend and I got an amazing rate at 6 Columbus through Quikbook for January 9-12 ($127 for Fri-Sat, $90 for Sunday). We had an excellent stay from the moment we walked through the doors and the very friendly doorman took our bags and welcomed us. All the staff were kind and helpful, providing excellent service.Without asking, our room was upgraded free of charge to a queen deluxe with two beds, which was perfect. The room was spotless, and housekeeping brought us a second robe and non-feather pillows for my friend, who is allergic. The bed platforms are a bit of a nuisance, but not a big deal. Our biggest complaint was probably that the ice bucket, while very stylish, was quite shallow and not really functional. Clearly I'm really nitpicking here!I've seen comments complaining about the loud heating/air system, and it is indeed loud. However, if you're like me and my friend and you need white noise to sleep, it's perfect. The beds are also very, very comfortable and we both slept like babies.The hotel location is perfect. Right by the subway, a Subway sandwich shop, Starbucks, and a Whole Foods in the Time Warner Center across the street. Easy walk to Central Park and the theatre district, and when we were in a rush to make a show, the cab down cost $4 and took five minutes. While I wouldn't want to spend $500+ a night at 6 Columbus (or anywhere, for that matter), I definitely recommend the hotel. We had a great stay, and even received a hug from the doorman when we left. It was a terrific weekend.	
Jan 6 2009 	Exceptional Staff - Wonderful PLace	Let's start with the only &quot;negative&quot;. My room was small. But everything needed was provided in a well-designed and aesthetically pleasing space. The bed, linens and towels added to a feeling of luxury and style.The staff was the real standout in an otherwise great experience. Every single individual working at the hotel took the time to greet me. Anyone that I addressed with a request, question or simply a &quot;hello&quot; responded warmly and wholeheartedly. Their friendliness (which was never anything but respectful) created the sense of having a home base in NYC and really added to the pleasure of my trip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Very friendly and stylish hotel in great location!	The best thing by far about 6 Columbus is the location. You are within walking distance to both the theater district and Lincoln Center, and you are close to many fine restaurants. The Columbus Circle subway stop is literally right across the street.The hotel itself is very modern, and although the lighting and decor were not quite to my taste, I must say that the staff was the friendliest I've encountered at a hotel in a long time. The room, while small, was spotless. Our only complaint would be that the heater seemed to just blow cold air around the room, so we ended up just turning it off and asking for another duvet. Actually, even with the heat off the room wasn't really all that cold.The heated bathroom floor was a really neat feature.We got a great rate through the hotel website, and we'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who's planning on attending a show or concert and doesn't need a whole lot of space.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the 6 Columbus Hotel for 5 nights in March 2008 for St Patrick's weekend. Overall it's a great hotel which I would recommend. The hotel is located opposite the Time Warner building just at the bottom of Central Park, we walked nearly everywhere, it was in such a convenienct location. The staff were very friendly and helpful, check in was fine, our room wasn't ready, but we were offered complimentary drinks in the hotel bar while we waited.We had booked a 'Pod' room, however on checking in we were advised we had been upgraded to the next biggest room. Accommodation was lovely, very modern, with plasma TV, ipod docking station and minibar. We got a complimentary paper everyday and the room was cleaned daily also. We didn't eat at all in the hotel, but the restaurant always looked busy and the hotel has a nice little bar for those apres shopping drinks!!All in all I would recommend this hotel. The rooms are quite small, but hey, this is New York city, you're there to shop and to party, not sit in your room all day. Special mention to all the gang next door in The Coliseum pub, hi guys!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Practically Perfect	Spent one night with family. We had two rooms. Both were upgraded, which gave us extra space (and room to hang out together), and fantastic value. Loved the style of the decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the sheets were TERRIFIC, and rooms were quiet (surprising to the two of us were are ex-Manhattanites!), etc. Our only complaint, if we were to have one, was that the sofabed in one of the rooms wasn't made up, which we didn't discover until we needed it (late), which entailed a short wait, improvised bedding, and making it up ourselves. (True, the &quot;turn-down&quot; staff had been by at about 6:00, but at that point, we were using the sofa as a sofa!) If you want to be near the Upper West Side and/or Theatre District and are looking for a luxurious, stylish place to stay, you'll be happy.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great New York hotel!	I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel! It is BEAUTIFUL! The staff are so friendly! We arrived at this hotel at 7 in the morning from an overseas flight, we were not expecting to check in to our room until at least noon, but we thought we would try anyways. Upon arrival...we found that the room we had booked was not available, but the receptionist offered to upgrade us to a junior suite(studio suite?) for an additional $100. I was very glad we did! This room was huge and gorgeous! We had a 600 square foot balcony, no breathtaking view, but what a surprise! The concierge was more than willing to reccommend places for dinner, and get our reservations for us for shows and dinner, as well as call towncars etc! A little tip goes a long way with these people, we even recieved a &quot;WOW!&quot; from one of the guys! After making a complete mess of our room before we went out to dinner, the housekeeping staff came in and reorganized it all! I was not expecting this, as it was 5 pm, and was actually a little bit embarassed by the state of our room! Just one of the things that added to our amazing stay at this hotel!I would definitely stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 29 2008 	Great find in NYC	We just got back from an incredible trip to New York City and Philadelphia. We stayed 1 night at 6 Columbus in NYC and it couldn't have been better. The location is great if you don't want to be at Times Square and you don't want to go as far as the &quot;Upper West Side&quot;....this hotel is located in the middle of them. It is very close to the Trump and Mandarin Hotels. It is next door to a Starbucks &amp; across from large grocery store (Whole Foods?).Now for the hotel itself. Check in took only seconds. The hotel features a very cool decor with a great city vibe. We went for the cheap seats and got a Pod Room - which is a full size bed. The room is tiny but it is flawlessly designed to maximize space. Do be careful not to hit your leg on the bed corners ~ can be quite painful :) The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white bedding. I must admit, we are not a fan of down type pillows. There was a stocked refreshment case, but we did not use it. The flat panel t.v. was quite nice . The view from our window, well we had a lovely view of nothing, but we were not in NYC to look out our window. Now for the bathroom....I have to say I now want rip out my own bath and copy the one from 6 Columbus! The floor is heated ...don't underestimate how incredible this feature is. NYC at Thanksgiving is VERY cold and this floor feels fabulous on your frozen toes. There is a very cool tiled shower (no tub) and great bath products. They even thought to give you Q-tips and Cotton balls....a lovely touch. The bathroom sink is really beautiful too with a cool gooseneck style faucet. The towels smell great too ~ sound weird I know, but the towels aren't perfumey, they just have a nice fresh smell to them ~ very pleasant.The hotel staff was excellent and they had our luggage loaded in to a cab before we ever blinked...they make everything look easy here.I would highly recommend giving this hotel a try. If you are ever planning to visit the Macy's parade then this location would be terrific. You won't see it from your window, but you'll have total access in just steps....without the chaos of Times Square.	
Nov 24 2008 	Small chic hotel with excellent customer service	Recently returned from a 2 night stay at 6 Columbus. Very nice, small chic hotel in a great location central to everything. Stayed in a King Deluxe room with a very comfortable bed, &quot;cool&quot; decor with a nice flat screen tv on the wall. The entire hotel including the rooms are dimly lit which gave it a hip, night club-like atmosphere. The customer service was outstanding from start to finish. The doormen always welcomed you with a pleasant greeting, front desk staff were very friendly and courteous and check in and check out was fast and smooth. The front desk and doormen/staff communicate with wireless devices. As soon as I got there by cab the doorman opened the taxi door and asked me my name and quickly alerted the front desk via the device that I had arrived and they were totally prepared for me by the time I reached them. They even had the doormen have a cab waiting for me at the precise time I checked out and walked out the front door. Very well organized operation. The only thing I didn't like was the shower. The tile wasn't that clean and the shower head didn't work that well - no tub in the room. There was no iron in the room either. Overall, I reccommend this hotel for young singles who are looking for a cool, safe place to stay at reasonable rates.	
Nov 21 2008 	Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2008. Have visited NYC several times and have sta	Out of all the hotels we have stayed in, THIS one had the very be st location. Wonderful staff, quiet, nice bar-just great for 2 people!!! Subway, Whole Foods(great for carry out to hotel after a long day with a glass of wine)Time Warner Buidling with great shops and places to dine), CVS a couple of doors down for those items you forgot to bring, PLUS a Starbucks OR another(less expensive()coffee shop. Zabars is up the street, Central Park is across the street......just a great quiet oasis in a busycity. All hotels have a negative but this one has more +s than -s!Modern and clean, you feel as though you are in NYC. My friend and I are in our late 50s and we were very comfortable with this hotel Could not beat the price	
Nov 16 2008 	Small but lovely	My wife and I had a layover in NYC and decided to spend the night. The hotels was very clean and modern. All the people at front desk where very polite, friendly and helpful. I love the room. Yes it is very small but very well done. I've seen hotel try to cram too much into similar sized room but this is perfect. I will definetly stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location otherwise disappointing	We have just returned from 3 nights booked directly via hotel website which states Roof Top terrace, unfortunately, the terrace is closed until next year and consequently we found it difficult to find a seat at the already small bar area.The reception staff, housekeeping and door staff were friendly and helpful, although one couldn't help feeling they were looking for a tip.The price of $480 for a double room became $540 after 4 different taxes, despite luxurious decor, the view from the window of the building shaft led us to conclude this was an extortionate price and did not represent value for money.	
Nov 9 2008 	Small accomodations but overall nice	Awesome location for this modern, boutique hotel. Right across the street from Time Warner Center. The staff members at this hotel were fantastic - from the doormen, to the front desk - all seemed to work on the guest's behalf almost effortlessly. The room (superior queen) was fine for 2 adults but a bit small. The bathroom was modern and nice. We were on the 6th floor and our view was of the HVAC system - not surprising for NYC.The hotel was perfect for us. I would certainly stay here again and would highly recommend to my friends. I wouldn't recommend to someone expecting a large, full service (restaurants, gym, etc) hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Dark interier over rated hotel	A boutique hotel that tries way to hard. Dark over all feel. Cow skin panels in elevators and downstairs. Room 86 was $150. more then room 26, exactly the same size. Both have a view of the alley! If it had a park view maybe, but for the money it was riducuously overpriced. The elevator and our bathroom were sprayed many times with some sort of bug spray. It was disgusting! Truly wished we had stayed somewhere else.	
Nov 4 2008 	NIce Change of Pace	I usually stay at Marriott or other chain hotels, pricelined this one and wasnt sure what i was goin to get. I booked the hotel thru Priceline for $120/night. Hoping to get an upgrade. Standard room is a full size bed, 175sq ft. room. I called them up and they upgrade me for $60 more to a King Superior, usually $350/nite.The hotel has a great staff and quite accomodating. The location is not on Columbus Circle, but on 58th st. You walk out the door and Columbus Circle is less than a minute walk across the street. Overall it is a nice place, rooms little small, but you pay for location.	
Oct 23 2008 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned from our stay at 6 Columbus and our experience was very different to that of some of the other guests. We booked a Queen room for a reduced rate via the Quikbook website. The Quikbook site clearly stated that the room was for a maximum of 2 people. Upon arrival, it was clear that booking via Quikbook meant that you were given the smallest rooms in the hotel. There was no way that 2 people could stay comfortably in this Queen room.There was only 1 single wardrobe, no natural light, hardly any floor space around the bed and nowhere to store our 2 large suitcases. I spoke to Lula on the front desk and she went out of her way to ensure that we were happy with our accommodation. She showed me 2 other rooms which were much more suitable for couples and managed to offer us a larger Queen room at an extremely reasonable upgrade price. Throughout our stay, Lula made a point of checking that everything was ok with our room. With regards to the rest of the hotel we really couldn't fault it. All of the staff were extremely friendly particularly the doormen. We didn't try the restaurant but we did drink at the bar a few times and they even served sushi to us at the bar. My only gripe would be that the bar area is quite small with limited seating. The room we actually stayed in was a great size. The double wardrobe was more than adequate and there were large drawers under the bed also. The ipod docking station was a nice touch as were the Khiels toiletries in the bathroom and the free daily newspapers. The room temperature control took some getting used to but overall it served it's purpose and the underfloor heating in the bathroom was very welcme after a hard day's sightseeing. The bed was also very comfortable.Housekeeping did a great job at keeping the room immaculate and also turned down the bed every night leaving little treats on the duvet.In addition to the great service and comfortable room, the hotel is in the most amazing location. The Time Warner Centre is literally across the road which houses a large Whole Foods market and lots of nice restaurants. Starbucks is next door and there were several places to get a great breakfast just up the street. Columbus Circle was right on the doorstep including the best entrance to Central Park. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at 6 Columbus and we would definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Location	We stay in NYC about 6 times a year in the off season when we can find decent rates. We have stayed in many boutique hotels including Hotel Giraffe, The Muse and The Benjamin. We booked the smaller king room at 6 Columbus and it was small but how much time do you stay in the room? It was clean and the bathroom was clean and staff was great. We ask for a quiet room and it was very quiet. The hotel was great and you can't beat the location. There is no roof top bar. I read about that either on quickbook or their own site but when we went to locate it all we found was dirty laundry. There is a huge whole foods across the street to peruse including lots of food to go. We walked Central Park twice which is right across the street and we could walk to our Broadway show. We booked directly with the hotel and the same day found a considerable lower rate on quickbook. I called the hotel and they matched the rate. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Little Spot	Stayed at 6 Columbus for 5 nights in late September and had a wonderful time!!! I'm not terribly picky, though, and mostly look for a place that's safe and clean and 6 Columbus definitely delivers in both respects!I got a really great deal thru quikbook for a Pod room (full bed) and since I was by myself, that was perfect. I will say, however, that if I had paid the hotel's asking price of $405/night, I would have expected more. But for $180/night, it was an outstanding value!!!Yes, the room is small. But honestly, if you're in NY for the room, then you do need to go elsewhere. The bed was incredibly comfortable, linens clean and soft, and housekeeping did a wonderful job every day. The bathroom was well-appointed, though the tub was a bit small if you actually wanted to take a bath--which I refuse to do at hotels anyway. Heated floor tiles in the bathroom definitely a plus!!! Kiehl's toiletries were a wonderful touch and there was also q-tips and cotton balls in the bathroom--simple but very nice touch!1 thing I did notice missing was a coffee pot...but there is a Starbucks next door to the hotel, so it really didn't matter that much to me. The view from room 27 was terrible, as most have described, to some kind of shaft in between buildings. But you know what? I was NEVER in my room during the day looking out the window and at night the blackout drapes were closed so why do I care what the view was? So it all depends on you! After my rave reviews, my coworker stayed at 6 Columbus the very next weekend and loved it as much as I did! Oh and the umbrella they provide for you to use during your stay came in handy as it rained 4 out of the 6 days I was in NY!!! :-)Will definitely return if the price is right!	
Oct 15 2008 	Honestly Not Worth It . . .	Alright, first the positives - the location is excellent (so close to Central Park, the Upper West Side, etc.), the hotel is clean and kept up nicely, and staff members are fairly friendly . . .. . . but for $250/night - even if we are talking about Manhattan - one expects more than a mere 75 square feet or so (a so-called &quot;Pod Room&quot;), with a view of a pigeon-occupied tower of space (about six feet by six feet), a tiny bathroom (admittedly with a heated floor, a nice touch), essentially upscale dorm-style furniture, and lousy temperature control.All things considered, experience suggests that one would do a lot better three times out of four by going on Priceline.com or the like, and putting in $250/night and 3.5 stars. Again, even for Manhattan, this didn't represent good value for money.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great if you like bugs and bird excrement - see the pictures	God help you if you booked via a booking channel that doesn't specify the room type, like priceline.Lobby nice, doormen always exceptional. Room 49: nightmare. It's tiny, but that's not the issue - I've stayed in the Hudson's even tinier rooms happily. It's not pleasant to have nowhere to open your suitcase except on the bed, but that's not the big problem here.The window in the room overlooks a waste disposal pipe in an internal airshaft, with a view across to adjacent rooms. That is, if you can see through the window given how much encrusted bird excrement cakes it - check out the photo.Of all the hotels I've ever stayed in, this is I think the most depressing layout. I couldn't deal with that aspect of the room, so I returned to the front desk. Lula on front desk told me I could pay almost $600 to upgrade to a better room - still nothing special, not up to an average Marriott or Hyatt standard - and she literally walked away when I complained. The general manager Barbara Lopez left notes every night asking to be contacted if anything could improve my stay, but she never replied to my email.The bathroom had silverfish bugs - check out the attached photo. I didn't bother complaining at the time because of my horrible prior experiences with Lula and Barbara, but I showed them these photos upon checkout and they didn't care or offer me any sort of amenity, not even a discount on my $20 minibar.This stay was approximately halfway through a 120-night vacation at 4* hotels throughout the Americas. It was easily in the bottom 10% of my hotel stays. I've stayed in NYC hotels around 40 times this decade, and this was easily the worst experience of the lot.I was so looking forward to my first stay in a Thompson hotel. I'm now about as anti the brand as it is possible to be.Avoid this hotel unless you are paying for a specific room type - but if you're gonna overpaying that much, just choose a better hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a shame the designer of this place couldn't get quieter airconditioners	Funky little hotel in a great central location on Manhattan Island but our stay was ruined by a noisy air conditioner outside our window that the staff seemed either unable or unwilling to fix for the three nights we were there.Would have been nice if they'd offered to move us to another room, but no, we even had to get the bellhop to run down the street and get ear plugs so we could sleep.Would only stay here again if the room did not have an airconditioner outside the window.There are better hotels in New York for the price.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Staff/ Great Location	Unfortunately, we had to go to NYC last minute for a funeral. The staff was incredibly caring, especially Lula. We had four separate rooms which were all lovely. The sheets are amazingly soft. The decor is fabulous...watch out for the corners of the platform beds!Plenty of closet and drawer space and the water pressure in the shower was fantastic, as were the toiletries of the hotel. Starbucks is just next door so a Latte is never far away. Whole Foods is in a great mall across the street. Everything we needed was within walking distance, including Central Park. All in all, its a bargain. I would highly recommend 6 Columbus.	
Sep 10 2008 	I totally liked it!!	This is definitely the place to stay if you're aim is to explore Central Park and hit the museums! I got a really good deal for around US $225 per night and it's worth it. Clean, modern, great amenities and amazing sheets!! Central Park is right across road and all the bright lights of Broadway, Times Square and Madison Square Garden are all within walking distance. This truly is a gem located in mid-town for the reasonable price you pay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice Location...	We booked a Queen Deluxe room on Quikbook.com for $250. We were in room 95. The room was bigger than I expected it would be. The bed was perfect for 2....with more than enough room.	
Aug 25 2008 	Finally a clean bathroom and room!	My mom and I stayed at this small boutique hotel right on Columbus Circle. This hotel is small, modern, and had a wonderful hotel staff. I had to upgrade to a bigger room and they were very accomodating. The bathrooms and the room itself was clean. It actually had this baby rose aroma smell that I just could not figure out what it was. The beds were clean and soft. I don't suggest large parties to stay here. The rooms are not that large, we came here to do some shopping and after 2 days it was getting pretty crowded. The location is pretty convenient. There is a mini mall and subway right across the street in the CNN building. Pinkberry is right next door for some yummy yogurt. And a block down is 9 Ave where there are tons of restaurants to choose from!	
Aug 24 2008	Small but well designed rooms couldn't be more convenient	I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a simple, yet quality stay at a hotel in NY for a reasonable price. The decor is modern and pleasing. The rooms are indeed small but well designed with hidden storage spaces, like drawers under the bed. The Fresh bath products are a real plus as is the Blue Ribbon restaurant in the lobby. The location across the street from the Time Warner building and the Columbus Circle subway station is also super convenient. My only complaint - and the reason why I didn't give this place higher marks - was the full sized bed, which was a bit cramped for two adults. I booked the room through Priceline at a great price and specified two people. I'm not sure if it's normal for the hotel to book two people to a room with a full sized bed, but I'd recommend calling the hotel to make sure.	
Aug 21 2008 	High-price...underwhelming.	After searching for a hotel with a good location in Manhattan for a &quot;reasonable&quot; price I booked at 6 Columbus. Most prices I had seen were upwards of 500/night and they had rooms at $345. I have to say I left feeling really underwhelmed and disappointed for the money I spent. Positives: 1. LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. You really are paying here for location. Subway (59th street/columbus circle) right across the street, QNRW (7th Ave) less than 4 blocks away, Less than 1 block from Time Warner Center/Central Park. 2. Cleanliness--housekeeping service was outstanding. Drawbacks/Negatives: 1. LOUD doors that seemed to slam frequently after 1100pm. 2. Many of the staff were nice but it seemed like many were trying so hard to be friendly and helpful that at times I wasn't sure anyone knew what exactly they were doing. 3. SMALL rooms. I upgraded to a queen deluxe (having booked a superior) and it was tiny...with NO view. 4. LOUD water pipes. Anytime anyone used the water to shower the pipes were super loud. 5. LOUD A/C blower...I couldn't hear the TV when the A/C blower was going and especially not when A/C and water pipes were in use next door. 6. LOUD hum from pipes/fans outside window...if you are not lucky enough to get a street/park facing view and are stuck in the back you look out onto pipes from the adjoining buildings.Unless their prices come down or I could get a &quot;deal&quot;--less than $200 per night, I don't think I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2008	Bad service	The clerk at the counter refused to check us in because the guest who had occupied the room wanted to extend his stay for another night. They could not offer us another room (fully booked) instead we should stay at the Hudson hotel a hundred yards down the road for one night and come back the next day for the second night. We refused and asked for the manager in charge to complain about this unacceptable offer, but the clerk was the manager already. The manager emphasized that the Hudson had the same standard (that was a lie, as we found out later) and we could stay there for two nights. We did not like to spoil our holiday and accepted the change.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location worth a stay	Stayed at 6 Columbus Aug 1-4 after getting what was apparently an introductory rate on Quikbook ($230 or so). The location is great (yes, it's not ON Columbus Circle, but barely 1/4 block away...not worth quibbling about) with the subway and Time Warner Center directly across the street, and the park right across the circle. The area is a lot less hectic than being further south, but still convenient.The staff was extremely nice and unobtrusive. The Queen room was very spacious for NYC, with a comfy bed, desk, flat panel TV, and a huge bathroom. It was nice to see a hotel think about the people who use their rooms and provide plugs on TOP of theThe interior rooms are a bit cave-like, since you don't have a window, but the lights have slider settings so you can make the room a lot brighter than the way the staff apparently sets it up in preparation for your visit. I'm not sure why people fixate on the dark hallways - I didn't run into anything, and unlike other hotels with dark hallways, the room numbers were lit up.Overall, I loved the hotel's style, comfort and location. I don't know if I would pay full rate, but in the $200+/- range this is a good NYC hotel that would make your visit to the city very pleasant. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 3 2008	Nice Stay for $200	I arranged my one night stay through Quikbook, at a rate of 199.00. With this rate in mind, I found the hotel very nice. It was clean, modern, safe and nicely located in Columbus Circle. The staff were friendly and fairly helpful for my few questions. The only drawbacks I found during my stay were the loud doors and cleaning staff that seemed to be yelling &quot;housekeeping&quot; all morning long. Minor issues...As has been mentioned, the rooms are small, there are no views nor real amenities. I would not pay the rates they list on their website (425 for the queen room etc.); even in Manhattan you can find a better room for that price. I only needed a place to sleep near Central Park for one night, and did little more than sleep in the room, so it was perfect for my needs at the reduced rate. Nice new option in the city.	
Aug 2 2008 	Nice Stay but be Warned	My partner and I stayed at 6 Columbus Circle (not really on Columbus Circle) over the Memorial Day Holiday. After making my reservation I called the hotel and talked to Abbey to request high floor (street facing) which she confirmed. When I spoke to Abbey, I even reserved an upgraded room since it was my anniversary. Upon check in, we were given a SMALL room on the 2nd floor. Even though I complained to the front desk, I was told the hotel was full and nothing could be done for that night. The clerk at the front desk advised us that we could move the next day to the room that was promised to us. We were in the room until about 11:00 AM and no call from the front desk to change rooms. When we arrived back to the hotel later in the afternoon, still no call! I finally called the front desk and they had the nerve to advise me that they were ready to move us but we had not called them! Generally hotels that run efficiently would contact the guest and coordinate these types of activities. We finally moved to a room on the 10th/11th floor. The room was oversized with a large-ish bathroom facing the street. There was one day when housekeeping had not cleaned the room by 6:00 PM but this was quickly resolved without any hassle. One note, the beds that are used are platform so there is no box springs on the bed. Also, this hotel does not use top sheets, only a duvet (I’m sure this works well in Winter but not Spring/Summer). On the positive side, the location is EXCELLENT and Starbucks is next door. Each night the turn down service includes Voss water chocolate. A nice stay overall but with some problems and attitude from the front desk.	
Aug 1 2008 	6 Columbus - Pretty Good	I was in NYC for a business trip and stayed at 6 Columbus for 2 nights.LocationThe property is right across the street from the ACE subway line and The Shops at Columbus Circle. It is a great location that is close just south of Central park and an easy walk to everything mid-town. Oh, there is a Starbucks next door too in case you need a caffeine fix.StaffALL the staff were wonderful to deal with. They were friendly, professional and helpful. You would think this is one of the basics.RoomI'll post some photos, but the rooms are a reasonable size. I wouldn't say that it was a large room, as the king bed just barely fit with the 2 side tables, but it was serviceable. No complaints.The view was the back of another building. I had the curtains drawn the whole time and thought it was fine. If you want a brighter room and a good view, ask for a suite in the FRONT of the building. The decor is slick, but I agree with the other reviewers in saying that it is a bit too dark. I like dark hip lounges, but would like the bedroom a bit lighter/neutral.The worst thing was the air conditioning system. It worked, but it was basically an on/off switch run by a thermostat. This isn't bad in itself as the temperature was kept at a comfortable level, but when on, it was LOUD. Really loud. I found it hard to do a video conference on my computer with the fan on...something that I've never had issues with in other locations. Room AmenitiesNicely furnished with Frette robe, Dean and DeLuca snacks in the mini-bar, and Fresh bath products are a nice touch.Hotel AmenitiesThe building is old and it shows its age. You can either think of this as quirky and charming or dumpy. I prefer the former. :-)It isn't a newly constructed hotel with a work out room, pool, etc. Not a big deal to me as I work out by walking everywhere while traveling.The hallways seem a bit dark...as do the elevators that are covered in dark pony skin or something. This is the hotel's attempt to be hip and slick. I can take it or leave it and would rather have brighter hallways and rooms.There is a pretty restaurant off the lobby that serves Japanese inspired foods. It is pretty vibrant at night. It is OK (not great), and a bit expensive... Nice atmosphere but if you just want good food, you can do better just by going on a short stroll around the block.Oh WiFi...like all travelers these days, I need wifi...and the hotel is smart to have fully blanketed the building with FREE wifi. A big plus! What's with hotels that still want to charge for wifi access after already gouging for the stay?OverallThis hotel has been greatly anticipated. The retrofit is decent but nothing really to write home about. A bit dark for my tastes.I thought it was a nice hotel and would stay here again. Great location, excellent staff, decent room. If you can get a good price, it is a good play to stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	great stay in New York at the 6	I stayed at this hotel on July 25 and 26, 2008. The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 58th St. across the circle from Columbus Circle and the Time Warner Center. I upgraded my room from a pod to a queen for an extra $35 a night. This made the rate more than I would have liked to pay as I had read posts where the rate was much better than I got but for New York it was a fair price. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful and great to deal with. The room was bigger than at the Hudson down the block but not really big. It was very well designed and pleasing to the eye if a bit dark. The bathroom was shiny and very modern with the right amount of room. The linens and towels were of an excellent quality and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was very clean. I would definitely book here again if I can get a good rate as the location is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Staff!	We are in NY at least twice a year for business. 6 Columbus was won on Priceline for one night. The second night we booked directly through the hotel's website.While the hotel's decor is a little too dark for our taste, the staff was outstanding. Everyone was friendly, professional and helpful. We would definitely stay there again just because of the staff and location.We upgraded our room to a king. We were told it was worth the additional $50/night. The room was still on the smaller side. Pros: Outstanding staff, nice hotel, great area, complimentary newspaper, nighttime, brownie at turndown. Also great Sushi restaurant. Cons: Decor a bit dark. Bathroom door is glass so if you have light on at night it shows through. Door to room is heavy and it is difficult to close quietly.	
Jul 25 2008 	The Find of the Year	My wife and I spent four wonderful nights at this very trendy and elegant hotel for our honeymoon during the Thanksgiving weekend of last year. I had meant to write a review earlier, but I never found the time. Shame on me. This hotel was aesthetically beautiful, since it had only been open for around a month when we stayed there. The lobby is cozy and attractive. The rooms are both homey and artsy in design, although on the small side, which is common for Manhattan. You really have to get used to the bed corners, because you will end up banging your shins a couple of times against them. But no matter. The bathroom was comfortable and clean. The TV set was an LCD screen, which I liked a lot. The hotel is perfectly located around the corner from Columbus Circle, which makes it extremely easy to move within the city by subway, bus or just by walking. The staff was really friendly and attentive. All in all, we had a wonderful honeymoon and this hotel was a great part of it. I tried to book us again to celebrate our anniversary this year, but the rates have already gone up from what we originally paid (I paid $189/night... I guess I was lucky that the hotel had just recently opened). For those who can afford it, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2008 	I want to go back!	Stayed in this hotel for only one night, and I wish I could have stayed longer (for the same price, of course). We booked through priceline and got an AMAZING deal. The hotel is a little bit hard to find, the taxi driver could not find it, and took us around and we ended up paying more fare. But it's in a great location: Central park is right across the street and Times Square can be reached by walking down Broadway. There is a shopping center right across the street, but we did not have a chance to check it out. We stayed in the pod room, which is super tiny, but extremely clean and decorated really well. Even though the bed is a bit small for two people, it is really comfortable because of the pillow top mattress. The flat screen tv was great, but I would have liked to have maybe a little table or at least a chair to put things on, I think there would have been enough room for a least a chair or a luggage holder. I loved the bathroom, it was very modern and pretty. Toiletries, Q-tips and cotton balls. There was a safe in the closet, a bathrobe and an umbrella to use during your stay. I was disappointed though because there was no hairdryer. The AC in the room worked really well. The staff was great. I would recommend it to everyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Sweet 6-Spot	I was pleasantly surprised by 6 Columbus. Having stayed a week at Soho sister hotel, Sixty Thomson last year, I was pretty reluctant to repeat the experience. But my sister and the attractive price point convinced me otherwise. And I'm glad for that.The location is super, right on Columbus circle, near every convenience imaginable. Unfortunately, most taxis had a hard time finding it, for some reason.I booked the basic room and expected something tiny, this being NYC. But I was happy to find that although small, it was spacious and had clever little storage spaces like underbed drawers. The service is pleasantly unpretentious, understated, accomodating and most imptly, inobtrusive. Loved the Fresh toiletries. Could have more of a variety though. Too basic.And although there's the jumpin' -- and delicious -- Blue Ribbon Sushi bar in the lobby, it was never too noisy, scene-y or happening, thankfully.I ate at the Blue Ribbon every day - sometimes twice a day - and once when i had some bad fish and became ill, they waived my bill and gave me a $100 voucher, with min fuss. Can't blame them completely though, traveller's diarrhea may have played some part in this.The room service breakfast, though was overpriced and horrible (burnt cold toast). Otherwise, a sweet little spot. I'm there next time I'm in Manhattan.	
Jul 11 2008 	The Most Amazing Hotel!	I got the most amazing deal on Quikbook! The Bell staff, reception and concierge are all extremely helpful, not to mention very good looking. This is a trendy hotel!I also have to state that this place is SPOTLESS!!! I have never stayed in a hotel more clean than this, and it smells great too. When they turn your bed down at night you even get a mini brownie to eat with your night cap!I stayed in a Pod Room. Don't be fooled by the name, the room is a brilliant size. You get a double bed, more than enough floor space and a full size bathroom. The only downside is that there's hardly any natural daylight even though you have a full size window, it faces the shaft.The location is perfect, just across the road from the Time Warner Building and Columbus Circle subway and next door to a Duane Read, also a stone's throw from Central Park.If I can get another deal (usually the hotel is quite expensive) this will absolutely be my hotel of choice every time I go to New York. I pity the poor suckers paying way over the odds for a tiny room at the Hudson on the same road, 6 Columbus is miles better!!	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Nice!	We got a great deal on this hotel through Quickbook ($200/night for a king room). The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room was very small, but for New York, it was fine. The location was great as well. Right across from Columbus Circle. There is a Whole Foods, so you can get anything you might need. The subway is there, too. Some things to be aware of:Room was tiny and although there was a desk and chair, it would be very awkward to actually have to work at the desk.There was no hair dryer or ironing board. I'm assuming I could've gotten these from Housekeeping had I needed them.The air conditioning is extremely loud. I got used to it, but if noises bother you, it might be a problem. We would definitely stay here again if we could get a similar rate. I don't think I would pay $300+, though.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Staff Shines	Just returned from 5 nights at 6 Columbus. A few highs and lows, but overall very pleased. The staff from front desk to housekeeing couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The young men at the front door that help with luggage and cabs etc. were a delight. They were bright, polite, friendly, well groomed and well trained. Rooms are small, but well designed. Beds are very comfy! A small desk and chair in the rooms would make a great difference. Lighting in the rooms and bathrooms is very inadequate. Mood lighting just doesn't cut it when you're in the shower or shaving. Can't see instructions for use of the room safe on floor of closet because of lack of light. Overall, I liked it and would go back. Kudos to staff and people who picked and trained them.	
Jun 2 2008 	Average NY hotel	I stayed at 6 Columbus for 3 nights in May. The hotel is fine for the price I paid, but there are better hotels for similar prices (the Hudson for example). Rooms are tiny as expected, location is great at Columbus Circle and near the park. The room was pretty clean (except for a strange goo on the bedside table!) and the front desk service was acceptable.If you can get a good deal ($200 for a queen room) I would recommend it if you don't need top notch service. If paying regular price, look elsewhere.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect!	I booked through Quickbook.com...same day and got a wonderful $159 rate for a queen room. My husband and I had a wonderful time at this hotel. Pleasantly surprised! The location is wonderful...close to Central Park and Times Square. The staff was so helpful. Now about the room...very modern and nicely appointed! I slept like a baby in the bed. For NYC...wonderful deal...especially for a holiday weekend!	
May 27 2008 	Stay now before everyone else finds out about it!	I stayed here this past Friday night, and was thoroughly impressed. For this price point, 6 Columbus is a great, hip choice. It has a kickass location (just behind Columbus Circle), which makes it very convenient. There aren't a lot of large-hotel amenities (such as pool or business centre), but it's high on design (blue/silver/brown trendy decor) and nice boutiquey touches such as Fresh brand toiletries. The staff is friendly, and the hotel small enough that you can get in and get out without long waits for anything. It's not for everyone, but if you like hip boutique hotels, you should definitely stay at 6 Columbus now...before all the rooms get trashed by overuse.	
May 18 2008 	Wonderful stay at 6 Columbus	I've just returned from three nights at 6 Columbus. Having stayed at New York's Hudson Hotel a few years ago, I knew what to expect at this property, which seems to be similarly marketed to the young, urban, and hip set (not sure if that's me, but...). I had a Queen Superior room. It was nicely appointed, contained Fresh bath products in the bathroom, a heated bathroom tile floor that was most pleasant, a flat screen television hung on the wall, and a well-stocked mini-bar with top shelf alcohol and Dean and Deluca snacks. The room is not the largest room I've ever stayed in, but by New York standards, it was more than adequate. The bed fit in the room just fine, and when I'm in NY, I don't come to hang out in my hotel room.That said, my room could easily accommodate two people, which seems to be a point of issue for some reviewers here. There are two drawers for storage under the platform bed and a wardrobe for hanging clothes. Nice touches include an umbrella should it rain (it did while I was there so that came in handy), turndown service with a little mini brownie, and excellent (and adjustable) task lighting bedside and on the desk.There is a restaurant just off the small lobby, Blue Ribbon, that has sushi (It's okay. Some would say great. I would not) that somehow manages to also do room service and traditional American breakfast for the hotel. There are restaurants in the neighborhood, a pub next door, and a Duane Reade pharmacy/convenience store on the corner.I had difficulty adjusting the heating and cooling system in the room. It could be my own ineptitude, I don't know. The controls were those manual &quot;point the dial at the number&quot; controls. I am of the digital age: press an arrow up to a number or down to a number. Anyway, the climate in the room was perfect the first night. Then, it rained, which as you can imagine changed the humidity and outdoor ambient temps and all bets were off after that. I didn't call anyone to complain, and I still slept just fine.There is also a VERY small lobby which, particularly on the weekends I imagine (that's when I was there), uses music to assist in creating a hip and happening scene. The music can be loud in the elevator and in the lobby, but you won't hear it in your room. I guess that covers it. Oh, they seem to spray or pump in a signature scent, similar to what other hotels are doing these days. I find it pleasant. Slightly tropical with hibiscus notes, perhaps? Either that or they have some nice smelling cleaning products! While not offensive or in any way excessive, if you are sensitive to smells, be warned.The hotel is located across the street (W 58th) from the Time Warner Building at Columbus Circle. Great location. Overall, I would recommend this property and look forward to returning soon, probably next month.Happy travels!	
May 11 2008 	GREAT Stay at 6 Columbus!!	I booked this hotel based on its location, price and traveler reviews (on TA and elsewhere). We stay in the city somewhat often, so we know space is at a premium and affordable rooms are hard to find....especially in good locations! I have to say, you cannot beat the location of 6 Columbus! Easy to find, it is just behind the Time Warner building with top notch shopping and dining just across the street. The subway station is also just across the street, making travelling throughout the city a snap. If you'd rather take a taxi, the doormen will happily hail one for you in a matter of seconds! Central Park is just steps away and on a good day, you can stop by Whole Foods (in the Time Warner center) and pick up fixin's for a picnic in the park......joyous! Yes, the rooms are small. We had a pod room and really, it took me back to my college dorm days! That being said, everything in it looked new and clean. The bed was super comfy and the heated bathroom floors were GREAT!! The fridge was well-stocked and the cabinet was filled with gourmet goodies. There was a small closet....and really, how much closet space does one need on a trip?? I never hang all my clothes when I go away....it was ample for us. There were 2 down sides that I can think of: 1) The lighting in both the bathroom and room were horrible for putting makeup on and 2) the room was HOT when we arrived, so we opened the window, but just beware of all the pigeon POOP ( I will say that in the days previous, it had been quite chilly!).The service was AWESOME! I really noticed how pleasant everyone was. When we arrived, our room was just being cleaned, so they happily stored our baggage until our room was ready...just a short 15 minutes later. When we called for an iron and ironing board, one arrived within 5 minutes!! The front desk always greeted us by name and were fast and courteous.I got a great deal on Priceline, so that was just icing on the cake. This hotel was WAY better than many of the others we have stayed at for double the price! I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
May 6 2008 	6 Columbus was Fabulous!	My boyfriend and I stayed at 6 Columbus for four nights at the beginning of April and had a fantastic stay. Now I'm considering it for a trip in the fall with my sisters. When we got to the hotel, we were greeted at the taxi cab's door by the very friendly doormen. I have to commend the hotel on the doormen they have working for them...what fantastic and friendly personalities they all have! Our room wasn't ready upon arrival, so the manager gave us complementary drinks at the Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar - a great little bar to frequent before dinner or when you come back from a long day of shopping (get the grapefruit cocktail listed on the menu!). This simple gesture was a great indication of the stay we were going to have.Once we got up to our room on the 7th Floor, we were surprised at how cozy and lovely it was. The room was small (I believe we booked a Queen Superior), but that is normal in New York, and neither of us were bothered by it. There were cute little touches all about the room - magazine racks with up-to-date publications in them, like Time Out New York, a vase with a real flower on the nightstand, an i-pod dock, under-the-bed storage. The bed was lovely, and very comfortable. Every night we slept very well. The bathroom was a good size with a deep tub, so no showers overflowed onto the floor. There was a window/shelf in the shower to place your toiletries. The toiletries - by Fresh - that the hotel supplied were fantastic. The towels we so fluffy! OH! And the best part of the bathroom - the heated floor in front of the shower area! It was fantastic in the morning to step onto a heated floor and I even found myself standing on it after our long days of walking.My only &quot;issue&quot; with the room is that after we both showered, the room itself got rather humid and muggy. The location of the hotel was fantastic. There was a subway stop right across the street where we could get downtown very quickly. One of the nicest things was being able to get up, grab a coffee at Bouchon Bakery across the street, and take a morning walk in Central Park. I had reservations about staying uptown, but ended up being very pleased with our location because I liked having the access to the Park, the Upper East Side, and being able to get downtown to Soho so quickly and easily.As I said up above, I am already considering 6 Columbus for a trip in the fall and would recommend it highly! From the staff to the comfy towels and bed to the fantastic location, I could not have picked a better place to stay!	
Apr 30 2008 	6 Columbus A Thompson Hotel	Absolutely loved this place. Will definately stay there again. Service was excellent. Linen, towels, bath rob....flat screen TV just like at home. Staff are very friendly and very cooperative. Had a blast	
Apr 30 2008	Uncomfortably small	I booked this hotel for two nights, but left shortly after arriving. The &quot;King Superior&quot; room is the tiniest NY hotel room I have ever (almost) stayed in. It is uncomfortably small, to the point of claustrophobia.There is a floating desk against one wall, but no chair to sit in - nor even would one fit between the desk and foot of the bed. The bathroom is basic and, although renovated, is crowded and equally uncomfortable.	
Apr 29 2008 	Wonderful Experience at 6 Columbus	We just got back from a long weekend in New York and a wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Firest let me say that the concierge Rocks! Raquel and Eric were amazing at setting up a series of events for my partner's birthday celebration. Everything was perfection. The room at 6 Columbus was very large for New York. We booked a Studio Suite which had a balcony almost as big as the room. Everything about 6 Columbus is very cool. The room lighting/linens furniture and bathroom are all top notch. Blue Ribbon Sushi was fatastic too! I would highly recommend this boutique hotel for anyone who likes a little &quot;edgy swank&quot; in the hotels.	
Apr 11 2008 	Superb find!	We spent 13 nights at this fantastic hotel. Originally booked a deluxe King at an excellent rate on Perfect Escapes but found a great deal for a suite on Tablet Hotels web page although we stayed in a Studio King on our first night. Long story but handled very well by the hotel &amp; we loved that room too. It was huge with a balcony &amp; enormous bathroom &amp; good view of a corner of Central Park but we decided to move to the suite. We were given the choice &amp; it was a hard choice actually! But the rooms of the suite were very quiet, beautifully appointed with clever design features &amp; gave us plenty of space for a long stay &amp; overlooked 58th St &amp; the Time Warner Center with a glimpse of Central Park as well, &amp; exactly as portrayed on the hotel's web site. Nadia kept it in great shape for us during our stay &amp; it was lovely to see her smiling face every day.The delightful Julian welcomed us on arrival after our long flight from Australia, charming Caeser showed us to our room &amp; greeted us by name every time we saw him again. As did everyone at this gem of a hotel including Ciaron &amp; Stan who run a fabulous bar &amp; helped make our stay so fantastic, along with Richard &amp; all the staff at the marvellous Blue Ribbon Sushi restaurant where we ate several times. Terrific menu, sublime food &amp; decor &amp; most reasonably priced.Getting around NYC was as easy as. Great subway across the road literally seconds away but anytime we needed a taxi Anthony &amp; Parry were always on hand &amp; must be two of the most affable doormen in town....aside from the others working at this hotel.Room service swift &amp; not at all expensive for a hotel of this stature &amp; location and neither was the well stocked mini bar. Free internet &amp; breakfast downstairs in the mornings...which we never got to eat! Too many laughs at night in the bar! This was my 6th time in NYC. Have stayed in a variety of hotel types but wanted to try somewhere new. Doubt that I would ever stay anywhere else again unless rates go through the roof which they might well do. Then again I would probably pay them as we had such a magnificent time.An easy walk to theaters, Whole Foods across the street for a quick bite, Chemist &amp; Starbucks next door &amp; anything else you might need close by.We are kinda fussy travellers but appreciate service par excellence &amp; a hotel that turns out to be what it portrays to be. No wonder we can't help but be blown away by this wonderful stay at 6 Columbus. Spend the extra for a suite, studio or deluxe room &amp; have a ball! We feel indebted to everyone associated with this hotel &amp; wish them continuing success	
Apr 2 2008 	Stayed March 20-24 and can't wait to return.	We chose to stay in Six Columbus because of the great location and reviews found here at TripAdvisor. I would recc. this hotel to those looking to explore the city and indulge themselves at a boutique hotel.The hotel was very clean and the staff was quite helpful and courteous. The location is top notch directly across from the shops at Columbus Circle which houses a Whole Foods which is perfect for a tasty and inexpensive breakfast. Next door to the hotel is Starbucks, a bit further you will find a Duane Reade and Dunkin Donuts. You will find Central Park 2 minutes away and Times Square is a quick 12-15 minute walk from the hotel. Many subways are literally found right outside the front door of the hotel.We had a weak wireless internet signal that was not protected, minimal noise from inside or outside the hotel, newspaper each morning and the best mini-bar and snacks I've ever seen. Our room was a good size - Queen superior and loads of space for all of our luggage.The few downsides we noticed were:The heater did not heat up the room (I wanted 82 and it would only reach 69). I had to sleep with a hoodie on for two nights to keep warm. We notified the front desk twice and upon check out we were told it was a problem within the entire hotel and they were working on it.Very strange that the cleaning staff NEVER left the right amount of towels - not even when we checked in. First day no hand towels, then no face towels, then again no hand towels. Very strange, but housekeeping quickly bought up the towels when requested.Lastly, we could not get a seat in the bar or dining area on the two nights we tried. Yes, we could have called ahead, but as a guest at any other hotel I've stayed in this has never been a cause for concern.Even with the few downsides, I'd stay here again.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Location Nice Hotel	Found this hotel mostly by reviews on this website and others, and due to the fact that it had a really nice daily rate compared to other, trendy hotels in NYC. I have lived in NYC but not visited much (and usually stayed with friends and family when I did) and therefore have very little to compare this to with regards to other Manhattan hotels. Overall my wife and I really liked the hotel. The room was very nice, clean, and with a comfortable bed and a nice TV. It was also very small with a view of an airshaft and a tub made for a Hobbit. Having lived in a small place in Manhattan myself this did not bother me much, but I can see someone not used to such cosy quarters having trouble with it. Only other problems were that they kept having laundry delivery problems resulting in not having washcloths for two days... Also give you the Post (the Post??) and the Wall Street Journal is in the lobby; are they also in the Rupert Murdoch empire? To be fair they did offer to send someone out to get me the Times, but it wasn't worth having to tip the same price as the paper. The location is great with easy access to A,C,B,D,1,2,3 trains, Central Park, Midtown, and UWS and the Village. I was really impressed with the bar at Blue Ribbon Sushi (bartenders were awesome) and the food was good. Unfortunately the sushi was inferior to the fried chicken which was great. Go for the alcohol. Overall it was a nice week and a nice hotel. Would definitely stay there again if for no other reason than it is a nice place in a good location.	
Mar 30 2008	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel because we had reservations for dinner at Per Se. The location can't be beat - it was across the street from the Time Warner Center. The employees were very courteous. There is a Duane Reade (or Rite Aide or similar drugstore) right next door in case you need something the hotel doesn't provide. When we checked in they said they were upgrading us to a King Deluxe, but the bed was not a king. Not a problem since the room was not too small. We were too exhausted to complain. Bathroom is decent with heated floors (but only half the floor was heated, by the sink but not in front of toilet or shower/bath). Fresh bath products. Turndown service at night. Inner rooms look out onto rooftop or shaft area. Loud AC unit from nearby buildings may keep you up at night if you are a light sleeper. Subway stop across the street. Whole Food Market in the TW Center has a great food court for a snack to go. Right next to Central Park.	
Mar 18 2008	Way Too Small For Two People!	i cant belive this is a 4 star hotel!! yes the service was very nice and helpful but the room was just silly, i would say maybe 90sf!! i did not know that you could have a 4 star hotel with a full bed(two adults cant sleep comfortable on a full bed!!) no chair! no storage space (had too keep cloths in our luggage and store it on the one small window sill over looking a ally) the bath room was so small you had to step out just to dry yourself and there was not even a place to put your soap or shampoo!! very thin walls also, hard to sleep when every time sombody gets off the elivator or opens there room door it is so loud it wakes you up!! maybe it was that i booked on priceline and they put us in the worst room in the hotel!! but looking on the web site and the regular prices that they charge it is way way overpriced!! $400-1200 a night for a glorified closet!!! i dont think so!!	
Mar 17 2008 	6 Columbus a winner (for the right price)	My wife and I stayed at 6 Columbus for a Sat night in March 2008. The hotel looks like its brand new. Its a smaller building on 58th and 8th Ave, but right off of the famous Columbus circle and on the corner of Central Park so the location is quite central to midtown and upper west side. The stylings are quite modern and the staff were very attentive. We were upgraded from a pod room to a queen size bed for free which was great. That said, the hotel is a very small building, and the rooms are a little smaller than average, but two people don't really need more space than that. What matters is that the hotel is clean and brand spanking new. I would definitely recommend this hotel to couples with no children, but probably ONLY at the right price. I've heard the hotel rates average around $300 and up, but I got a greal deal on perfectescapes.com for $145 for a pod room. These may not last long as the hotel gains more and more popularity.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent return trip to the 6 Columbus!	I have stayed at the 6 Columbus 2 months ago and decided to book again this hotel because I had liked my experience there. I also booked this time through quikbook, which is the way to get the best rates. I had given it a 4 star last time because I had trouble sleeping 2 of the 4 nights. There were rowdy boys next door and even if I called the front desk, the manager could not get them to quiet down. This time was totally different. I did not hear anything even if I was near the elevator. There are not many rooms per floor so there is less chance of people walking by your room. I booked the queen room this time because there were no pod rooms available but when you are alone, one or the other will do just fine.The staff is simply the best. I arrived at 9:30 in the morning and was given a room right away. Almost all the doormen recognized me and welcomed me back warmly. They treat everyone the same and that is the biggest compliment I can pay them. They don't cater to only the trendy clientele, they cater to everyone..even if you are not a 20something model:)The staff in the restaurant is the same. The manager Quint and the barmen, especially Keith, treat you warmly and I was even offered a nightcap when I stopped by in the evening before heading to my room. It is a great plus for the hotel because you feel like lingering there even if you are on your own. They take great care of you. I would love finding something to complain about because then I could write to the manager and hope for complimentary nights in return, but I can't find anything negative to say about this hotel. I just fear that I will not be able to afford it much longer when their prices will surely go up.d	
Feb 26 2008	Loved The Room And The Location	If you a regular vistor to nyc you'll know that hotels are very expensive and you probably use craigslist to sublet. well that's what i normally do - but i found a really good rate on the hotel's website - 145 dollars for the standard room per night. now it is small - but where it lacks size it makes up for other things. the location is perfect - i walked everywhere - even in the snow. it's right by the subway - and if you take the train to the airport - that's just 2 dollars and 45 minutes on the express train...it's right next to my favourite store - wholefoods - so i was in their everyday. and then right by the park and near all the shops on fifth avenue. the staff are very young - and trendy - but very helpful. the room was very nice - clean and excellent minibar. there was a complimentary copy of the new york times everyday - and that's the only way to get news outside the states - unless of course you watch cnn!!!1the bathroom was cool - heated floors - and fresh brand cosmetics - watch the shower - very hot - but lovely then you can wrap up warm in the cosy bathrobe.all in all for 145 bucks a night it was great - i would definitely go again - but if i stayed longer or with someone else i would go for a bigger room.oh yes the bed was lovely - too	
Feb 25 2008 	Small but very cool	Did a last minute trip to NYC with my girlfriend and was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in a &quot;Pod&quot; room which was quite small but very clean and well appointed. The bathroom was a normal size. The entire hotel has been redone is very chic. The hotel bar is small but cool. And, you are right across the street from the Time Warner mall/building....and right by the park. We got a great rate of $125/night from www.quikbook.com and couldn't pass it up. I would highly recommend this property. If you require space, do not stay in the Pod room. We didn't plan on staying in our room very much, so it met our needs.	
Feb 20 2008 	nice little hotel!	I was very pleased with my one night stay at 6 Columbus. They had a minor computer glitch which caused a brief delay in my check-in (no more than 5 minutes), and they upgraded me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room to make up for that. The staff were very friendly and made a point to address me and other guests by name (even the bellmen). The room was small but very comfortable, and the bathroom amenities by Fresh were a nice touch. At the $199 rate I got on ---.com, it was a good deal and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great experience at 6 Columbus	Had a great stay at 6 Columbus in January! I found the staff to be very nice and attentive. The decor is fabulous in the lobby...It's got a very young, hip vibe. (Also had great food in the restaurant--Blue ribbon.) The rooms are small w/ no view (at least for us), but that's what I expect in New York...But, all of the elements in the room were nice...great linens, a flat screen TV, fresh products in the bathroom. My only complaint might be that we were close to the elevator and I heard it in the morning.Overall, great experience. So nice that I'm sure I won't be able to afford it when the hotel is completely finished!	
Feb 7 2008 	Excellent beds wonderful design good location!	Surprised by excellence of this hotel; welcoming staff, nice atmosphere (good music everywhere), lovely design and heavenly beds. We've booked the hotel directly and did get a good deal for a hotel of this category. Location was good because of many metro-connections, nice area with many locations for breakfast (Pain Quotidien etc). We were very happy to have been staying in this upmarket area instead of Times Square and other midtown locations	
Feb 6 2008 	Absolutely unbeatable for the price	First off, TripAdvisor needs to immediately correct this hotel's one-star rating as well as its average &quot;$802 per night&quot; rate. Both are skewed on criteria to which I am not aware.I am a former native New Yorker, and I've stayed (both before and following my move) in a variety of the city's best hotels ... as well as a few of its worst. Including this one in its previous incarnation, where I had the displeasure of seeing mice periodically pop their heads through holes in the pink shag carpet. (I only wish I was kidding.) Thankfully shag and mice have long since dispersed.I received a rate of $145/night -- for a queen room, not one of the now-infamous &quot;pods&quot; -- via booking directly through their own Web site. Even considering the nosedive NYC hotel rates take in January and February, that's a total steal. That said, my room was nonetheless very small, and I banged my shins on that infernal platform bed on multiple occasions. I also had some issues with my A/C-heat system, which is the only reason I'm not giving this place five stars.The location next to the Columbus Circle subway stop makes it a perfect juncture for reaching most areas of the city via subway, and although it's too cold to appreciate it this time of year, I'm sure its location practically next door to Central Park will prove a major bonus as well.Blue Ribbon, for those of you unfamiliar with the city, is one of its best &quot;minichains&quot; (with only 4-5 total), and the 6 Columbus location is its first uptown. I ate there and was highly, highly impressed: it's some of the best sushi in a city filled with formidable sushi restaurants, including the infamous Masa across the street.Sadly, it looks like management is already onto the fact that they priced the rooms too low: their winter rates are already up 50% (to $215/night for this upcoming weekend - on their site, not Quikbook).	
Jan 3 2008 	Big thumbs up all round !!!! (visited from UK)	We visited NYC from the UK for a 5 night stay at the end of November/beginning of december and the hotel was excellent put simply!The staff are really friendly and helpful (down to earth friendly not [-] kissing friendly!). They all were polite and we enjoyed chatting to them as we left in the morning and returned later in the day. Concierge was really helpful right down to booking a table at a sushi restaurant for us a few blocks over when we realised the one downstairs was closed on Mondays....We had a pod room, which did face the building at the back but ultimately it's that or the busy street at the front of the hotel- I know which one I'd prefer (and did!). It was adequate size wise as was the bathroom (heated floor and powerful shower were just the job after being out all day). The bed was massive and possibly the most comfy we've slept in! Flat screen tv was just the ticket as was the ipod stereo on the bedside table.location wise the hotel can't be faulted. We ended up walking most places as nothing was more than a 20 - 30 min walk away really- time square was about 20 mins max, 15 if you didn't have to keep stopping to cross the roads. And if that sounds alot believe me there is more than enough to keep you entertained walking around! Yellow cabs could be got right outside on those occasions we didn't fancy the walk, on our final day we got a yellow cab down to the Staten Island ferry port for about $18 then spent the afternoon walking up to the hotel stopping for coffee and shopping along the way. If you walked it with no stops you'd be looking at 1.5 hours or so.Sushi restaurant and bar are super cool (as the hotel in general really), pastries and coffee in the morning in the bar watching the world go by is a good way to start the morning, and tasty sushi in the evening in relaxed surroundings a good way to end it.The one negative was that the room we had was at the end of a corridor (with two other rooms)- some nights we got a bit of noise (lift door &quot;ding&quot; or a door slam). This was reduced by closing the door that allowed access to the three rooms so all in all not a big issue.We used a generic hotel booking website so got a decent deal. I'd happily recommend this hotel and make a return visit in the future. When we go to London we stay at a hotel called The Hoxton and this hotel is very similar in style, atmosphere and comfort.All round excellent.	
Jan 3 2008 	Too small to bother	While the staff was very friendly and service oriented, this was one of the most ridiculous of the 100+ nights I have spent in a NYC hotel! In my first room (which was so small, I hurt myself when I turned around) the telephone didn't work. After 3 visits from the non-English speaking &quot;facilities guy,&quot; the apologetic front desk clerk gave me a new room. While this room was no bigger, at least it didn't look onto the airshaft covered with pigeon droppings. All was well until I returned to my room at 11:00PM and tried to turn on the heat to take the chill off the 60 degree room. No heat. No facilities guy. No other rooms. No luck. While the Sushi restaurant in the lobby is &quot;happening&quot;, it was the only kitchen functioning. Breakfast was stale pastries and lukewarm coffee while room service was a 3-ring binder of NYC delivery services. If you are a fasting Liliputian, this is a great place. Otherwise, go down the street or around the corner.	
Dec 27 2007 	Perfect!!!	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at 6 Columbus. The hotel is situated midtown, opposite the Time Warner Centre and within walking distance of Times Square, Central Park and all the important shopping streets. The hotel is small and intimate, the staff are very attentive and the concierge is very helpful. He arranged a fab night out for us and put us on all the guest lists. I was expecting a pokey room given the reviews, but the 'Pod' room really wasn't that small... the room comes with a very comfy bed, designer edibles, ipod docking station, flat screen and the bathroom even has heated flooring( oh and an amazing power shower).The hotel houses a very popular New York sushi restaurant, the food was pretty decent. The hotel is on the same street as the Hudson hotel( pay a visit to the bar) and also the Mo bar at Mandarin Oriental( the view of the city is amazing).All in all, can't fault this hotel. Does everything a hotel should, very comfy, central location and excellent attentive staff.Will be my New York sleeping spot going forward!!!	
Dec 20 2007	wonderfull rooms	In this area of NYC a hotel with less ambient music and vivid as the neighbours from the Hudson. Breakfast and dinner was a bit disappointing (for Europeans?) but the rooms were fantastic. Spacious, very clean, quiet. To go back!	
Dec 17 2007 	Quick stay at 6 columbus	I decided the visit NYC for a friend's party last minute. 6 columbus was offering a rate of $258 (total!), so i decided to check it out.the hotel is located at the southwest corner of central park, directly across the street from the time warner bldg. 5th ave is within walking distance, as well as other typical NYC attractions. it is very conveniently located.The hotel staff were absolutely charming. Everyone was extremely friendly and accommodating. The hotel itself is well designed visually... a sleek and attractive space. My room was a &quot;pod&quot; room. it was quite small, as was expected, but perfectly clean and well designed for its purpose. The bed was very comfy as well. my only critique involves the insulation of the room. I was in room 72, and the wind was quite loud. you could also hear doors opening and closing, etc. I will certainly return to the hotel, but maybe next time i will bring some earplugs. ;)	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!	This hotel was brilliant. On arrival, the doormen asked for our names as we were a party of 6, and took our bags inside. When we were checking in, the manageress came out and asked was it OK that she had upgraded all of our rooms as she had seen it was a girls holiday!! Of course we said yes!!The rooms were spotless and the beds and pillows were the most comfy i can ever remember in any hotel I've stayed in!Each night the room was turned down and towels, toiletries and water was replaced.It was so close to Central Park, and the Time Warner building across the road has some nice shops and i would definitely recommend the Porter House restaurant in there too!We got great rates for this hotel on Quikbook.com and if i am lucky enough to get back to NYC, i'd definitely stay there again!! Well worth a visit!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice additon to midtown	It was a busy week in NY and I had trouble finding a room at a good hotel (I'm picky) so I decided to give 6 Columbus a try. The staff is well trained, the doorman asks your name when he takes your bag and then radios inside so that you are greeted by name at the desk. As I came and went from the hotel, I was always addressed by name. I arrived around 1pm and they were able to provide a room then. I had a queen deluxe room. It did face the narrow alley but I would much prefer that to the noise of 58th street. There is no view on 58th, it is a narrow street and looks onto the glass building of the TimeWarner center. The room size is typical of a NY boutique hotel - small but comfortable and well appointed. I'd rather have a smaller nicer room than a large yucky room. (If you want large and yucky, I can give you that list.) Everything is new and clean which is always a plus. There is a small wardrobe instead of a closet so don't overpack but it is adequate. The bathroom is small also (I had one with a tub) but manageable once you figure where to put things. It might be a little cramped for 2 people, depending on how well you like each other! The doors are heavy and do slam loudly so in the morning if you are not an early riser you'll probably hear them. Each room has it's own central ac/heat which is nice and not the norm in New York. Unless it is a new building or completely renovated, you don't have much temperature control in many NY hotels. I like having my room cold at night and toasty in the morning so I appreciate the unit. But I do have to mention that the fan is very loud but it makes for good white noise for sleeping and drowning out slamming doors. The pictures on the hotel's website are accurate. There is a japanese/sushi restaurant in the hotel which was good but when it's not open, you have to go out which isn't really a big deal. But if you like to have room service in the morning, this isn't the hotel for you. There is coffee/tea and pastries in the lobby until 10am but you have to fetch it yourself. I have stayed at/checked out many hotels in the area and this one is probably one of the nicest. The Peninsula and FS are my favorites but taking a step down from those, if this is the area you want to be in, I'd recommend it. Since it's a new hotel without much history, you can email me if you have a specific question.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect place after venturing through the streets	I stayed at this place with my girlfriend for three nights. After trying to find a place that would suite our needs for this trip for more than a week I finally came upon the 6 on Columbus. We reserved a Pod Room (due to our limited budget) and were completely happy with it. Upon arriving we were greeted by extremely polite staff. Everybody working for the hotel was friendly and helpful throughout our stay.The room was very clean, nicely designed and comfortable for two people who use it as a place to relax after hitting the streets of New York. In the morning we found coffee and a selection of good tasting baked goods in the lobby. The location of perfect. It is in walking distance to everything in midtown Manhattan right on the SW corner of Central Park. A subway station is across the street. There are several shops and restaurants around. We would stay here anytime again.	
Oct 30 2007 	new hotel OLD building		
Oct 28 2007	Working out the Kinks		
Oct 28 2007 	A Great New NYC Boutique		
Oct 28 2007 	We ARE soooo Hip!		
Oct 28 2007 	Tiny chic boutique hotel		
Oct 24 2007	good stay but a few quirks		
Oct 22 2007 	Good Location Great Staff~ A great boutique hotel		
Oct 16 2007 	Great new place		
Oct 15 2007 	Trendy yet comfortable!		
Oct 12 2007 	New Hotel with Lots of Potential		
Sep 27 2009 	Gute Lage aber alles im Mini-Format!		
Jul 29 2009 	Super Hotel günstig gelegen		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente ubicacion para la primera vez en NY		
May 26 2009 	Emplacement idéal chambre super !		
Dec 10 2008 	Carino ma caro!!		
Oct 4 2008 	6 Columbus		
Jul 29 2008 	A deconseiller en famille		

	Fantastic Old Port	We stayed at the Auberge for 3 nights in November. It was a great experience from start to finish. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was sufficient enough to get us started for the day.We were in a room on the 5th floor, the room was great. The only comments are that the in room &quot;jacuzzi&quot; was not much more than a small bath (but the shower is fine!).It was a great base for our stay in Montreal. The Old Port can be a bit touristy, but it's easy enough to find good restaurants for dinner.	
Nov 25 2009 	Charmed this jaded traveler	As a frequent business traveler, it's fun to stay in a non-big-chain hotel, when it works out. This time it did, and I'm glad. Montreal is so different from any other North American city I know, so I wanted us to stay somewhere that would remind us we weren't in Kansas. This place does the trick. It has an historic feel throughout, displaying many interesting relics from its past, some with narrative plaques. It's very intimate and cozy. There's one main inn, plus some lofts over a nice bar, where my friends stayed, just a city block away. My room was very spacious and clean, which can also be said of my friends' loft. Their loft could have slept 6 -- it had one bedroom, plus a sleeping area a few feet above a living room with a sofabed (I think). I could easily have crashed with them, except the loft/living room sleeping areas offered little privacy.You can see what the rooms look like from others' photos. I'll just add that mine was very clean, comfortable and quaint, if not ultra luxurious. It was a little too dark at night -- higher wattage bulbs, or at least a proper reading lamp would be a nice place to start, people. But my stay was relaxing, and the staff were ALL very friendly and polite and helpful to me. Hotels with character and charm typically have trade-offs. No A/C in the summer (if true) could be a problem. The front entrance is an awkward 3 stairs above the sidewalk. If Canada's accessibility laws are anything like ours, I assume they can accommodate wheels in the back entrance, which is on the charmingly cobblestoned and slightly touristy Rue St. Paul. By the way, the noise complaints are right. They should rename the above street Rue Bourbon; it is crunking loud, even on a cold November weeknight. The windows of this old hotel can keep out the weather, but not the shouting and singing. Easy solution: Request a room over the front of the building (port view), which will be much quieter. Not an option for me, because there happened to be renovation work on that side, but the ear plugs I remembered in my travel kit were enough to get me back to sleep. Nighttime revelers aside, we enjoyed the location. Chinatown restaurants and The Champ-de-Mars Metro station are just a 5-minute walk, although not in inclement weather. But Montreal is a proper city, with cabs (and rent-a-bikes, it would seem) on practically every corner.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very Disappointing Experience	I usually stay in downtown Montreal, but thought I would try the Old Port area for variety's sake and chose Auberge du Vieux-Port because it seemed like a nice place and good value. I selected a 'deluxe loft' suite which is not located in the main building, it was roughly a five minute walk from the hotel itself. What seemed chic and charming on their website was much less so in reality. The building itself was a beautiful old stone building, which was great looking on the outside. On the inside, access to the suite was only via a staircase - three flights up. There is no elevator, so be forewarned if you have a lot of bags, heavy bags, or have difficulty walking. The hallway to the suite itself also serves other suites that do not house hotel guests. I heard families coming and going and screaming in the halls at odd hours. The suite itself is large, has decent but not great furnishings and the condition was well below expectation. Maintenance was poor, and there was evidence of shoddy construction and upkeep. Walls are also quite thin, and because the sleeping portion of the loft itself hangs over the hallway, it was quite easy to hear everybody coming and going. Another problem is the design of the unit itself. Specifically the bathroom is on the main level and with the sleeping loft upstairs if you have to use the bathroom at night you must navigate a staircase in the dark. Very dangerous, in my opinion. Another problem related to temperature control in the suite. In short, there is no ability to control the temperature. There is a thermostat, but it is turned off and according to the hotel the temperature is regulated at the 'building' level, not the individual suite level. It happened to be quite warm, and because the windows were inoperable there was no way to cool it off. Also problematic is a huge industrial air duct located directly over the bed which is loud, cannot be shut off, blowing warm air 24/7. This is so loud it was literally impossible to sleep. When combined with the warm temperature in the suite itself it created a situation where I walked over to the main building at 2:30am and asked the hotel management if I could change rooms. Management was very accommodating, and at 3am I left the suite with my bags for a regular room in the main building. This regular room was much better, and consistent with what I expected. In summary, I would avoid the high priced suites and stay in the main building. But after this experience I'm not sure I would return. Also the internet connection in the room was unreliable and service was spotty.	
Nov 12 2009 	Loved this place!	This hotel is charming! What a grand way to spend time in Montreal. The room was spacious and comfortable. The staff was warm and hospitable. There was a computer for use in the lobby. The surrounding area was lovely for walks and touring. Rate included breakfast and cheese and wine in the early evening! I am looking forward to staying here again!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent place to stay	I visited Montreal for five days for business and stayed in one of the lofts on Rue St Paul. It was a fantastic location, above a nice bar/restaurant on a picturesque street. The hotel staff were friendly and helped in every possible way, including getting my colleague and I tickets to the sold out ice hockey match. The breakfast, while an additional charge, was incredibly reasonably priced ($10) and plentiful (which helps when nothing is open before 11am!!). As part of my stay I used the gym facilities at one of the nearby sister hotels which is one of the great benefits of the lofts; it feels like an apartment but you can use all of the facilities at any of their hotels. I got a great deal; had a great time and would stay there again for business or pleasure.	
Oct 25 2009 	You can't ask for anything better!	We stayed in room 201 for 3 nights for our honeymoon. The auberge is located in the old city, not far from the train station (where we arrived in Montreal). We were greeted very warmly both by the desk attendant and the doorman. We were able to check in easily and the doorman helped us with our luggage to our room.The room is absolutely beautiful. Exposed rock walls and wooden beams, two enormous windows that looked out onto a park and the St.Lawrence river (we were told this is the only hotel to offer such a view). Really, it was everything the pictures promised. There was a large mini-bar available and robes and slippers as well.From 5-7pm they offer free wine and cheese to guests, which we took advantage of each day. The bar/restaurant was outfitted in dark wood and dark walls which set a nice mood. And the breakfast! Guests are led to the basement, again with exposed rock walls, and treated to a continental and hot breakfast. We munched on croissants and chocolate muffins and fruit until our crepes or eggs arrived. We were blown away by the generous meal and the staff were very friendly, being polite when we tried our bad French with them.The auberge is close to museums, restaurants and an art market. I don't think I have anything negative to say about the hotel or our experience. I gave the room 4/5 only because I wished it had a bathtub instead of just a shower. Even the toiletries were great (provided by a spa that the hotel also owns). We definitely plan to go back to Montreal and stay at this hotel again next year.	
Oct 15 2009 	"Old World" Without the Charm	The staff are very helpful, friendly and accommodating. That out of the way, let's be clear that the lofts (ours was #704) are not charming. They are old, dated, and in buildings that lack maintenance and upkeep. A leather couch, hardwood floors, nice potted plants and retro paintings on the walls cannot hide the ceramic tiles falling of the bathroom wall, cracked counters, and a toilet that continuously runs (to mention only a few things). Add to this, hearing a dog bark all day and night, loud footsteps above your head, partying in the streets below to all hours, and constant garbage trucks, street cleaners...and you get the picture that this may not be the place for romantic, charming, quiet night(s) you were looking for. Of course, if you are young at heart and love staying over at a frat house, then you might enjoy the #704 loft. We will not return. Paying what we did for 1 hour of uninterrupted sleep was abit too steep!	
Oct 11 2009 	Wished we could have stayed longer!	We loved this hotel in Old Montreal.Room was excellent,breakfast very good and very good service from all staff. Free Internet access.Valet parking a bit pricey but worth it as no parking is available near the hotel.Near to lots of excellent if touristy restaurants. Pity about the rain which spoiled our stay in Montreal.	
Oct 8 2009 	If found at a discounted price I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else	2 Bedroom apartment- our friends bailed so we had the whole place to ourselves- however layout would have been easy to share. Timeshare like, bathroom was dated, but overall apartment was charming. Comfy beds, lots of windows, 2 tv's and free internet. Seen through an open door, the neighbor's place was decorated even better. Apartment meant no pool, spa etc, but believe if you stay in the main hotel you may get some of these services. Breakfast was available for a price. Great location for walking to everything. Multiple theaters, restaurants, Chinatown and the Port area. The square nearby is touristy so we didn't eat there (seemed pricey and average-think Little Italy, nyc) but maybe shame on us for not trying. Service/Staff was great. Night porter took our car to valet and walked us to apartment when we arrived at 4:30 am. Friendly and courteous.	
Oct 7 2009 	All I hoped for and more!!!	A great get away for my husband and I as a reward for the close of a huge project at work. Beautiful setting, walking distance to all of old town Montreal and Metro for going farther out. The staff was great, they went out of their way to make our stay perfect. Having a great breakfast every morning made it even more relaxing, giving you time to plan the day. Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 19 2009 	Perfect!	My boyfriend and i stayed at the lofts (713 - luxury loft) for 4 nights. It was the best accomdation ever! The room was beautiful and romantic. The best part of the hotel was the breakfast in the morning. It was definately worth getting up in the morning (those that stayed in the lofts will need to pay 10 dollars for breakfast.....included if you stay in the hotel) the 10 dollars was definately worth it! Julie and Michael (conceirge) were excellent! Every morning we would ask them to help us plan our day.....the know where the local hang outs are.......we even asked them to help us call to reserve a table for two at a restaurant that needs days in advance for reservations (au pied du cochon).....they were able to get us a table for two to celebrate our anniversary. excellent service.......just a reminder the hotel lofts do not have elevators so be okay with the fact that after a day of sightseeing you'll have to climb up the stairs. Overall a great experience!!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Lovely rooms but poor soundproofing	We stayed one night in one of the loft apartments (601); a huge space, very well equipped, so no complaints about the accommodation. However the occupiers of the apartment above us arrived at about 1:30am and seemed to be havng a loud party with dancing until about 3:30am. Despite that, I'd stay there again. Service was friendly and helpful.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great experience	This hotel is a great 'french' experience in the old part of Montreal. The location, the building, the staff, the restaturants, the roof top terrace for cocktails or lunch, the main restaurant, the basement restaurant and the rooms are all very reminiscent of a harbourfront type hotel in France. There are some quaint aspects that make the hotel a little quirky (the early morning trains going past to the docks, the early morning trash collection, my rental car beng double parked for 20 minutes in a busy traffic lane before being parked by the valet). However, those things are all part of the experience - and we loved it. I even got a chance to use my high school french to the amusement of the staff and to my surprise as to how much I could remember. All in all a great little hotel, in a very good location away from central Montreal. Loved it and would return any time that I am in Montreal.	
Sep 9 2009 	Somewhat dissappointing	There were a number of problems with our stay of one night. I had an awful time climbing the few stairs into the hotel (no rails). The fellow who was to park our car didn't show up for about fifteen minutes while my husband sat fuming and double parked (autos in zone meant for us to park). When he arrived, he ignored us. I had to pointedly ask if he knew we had been waiting. Then our room, while unique with brick and stone walls, was sloped. We could roll a pen across the floor. The view, supposedly of the river, was more like of the ports and the car park of several stories. The day was hot. No air conditioning. We took a walk into the historic area around the corner and decided that the best looking restaurant we had seen was at our hotel. So the reservation was for seven. The waiter took our order. At eight oclock he came back to &quot;verify&quot; what we ordered. Later we found our order went in at 8:05! Meanwhile only one soup arrived. Our rear ends were getting tired and we had hoped to go for a walk before dark. No such luck. The restaurant was very chic and attractive. I hope they fired that waiter. Still it made my husband quite irritated. I told him that at least he has had a &quot;Parisian&quot; experience. The breakfast down in the basement was really charming. Food was excellent. The decor was unique. I like it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great staff jazz food	My room was clean and bed very comfortable, bathroom had jacuzzi. Room was not what I expected however. I expected a view of the Port and had requested a room high up (5th floor is highest floor). I was put on the 1st floor, commented to bellman about that, he said probably due to my &quot;special rate. However even on the 5th floor I don't think you will see the water due to tall trees blocking all views except from rooftop restaurant. My windows were supposed to open but did not and they were filthy. If I could have opened them, I'd have cleaned them myself! There is a train track just across the street on the tree lined median and a long freight train comes through at 4 and 6 a.m. However I'm a pretty good sleeper and it did not bother me too much. The area is delightful but very touristy...but I'm a tourist so enjoyed it all. Many many restaurants available, the restaurant and lounge in the hotel has good food also. A great jazz duo guitar and bass play from 6-9 Thur Fri and Sat...and there is a complementary glass of wne and cheese every evening for guests. Entry to the hotel is up 4 steps and no ramp for anyone with a disability. I arrived at 8 p.m. and my cab driver dragged my suitcase up the steps into lobby where check-in was easy and Matthew took me to my room. He and all other hotel personnel are extremely helpful...they will make arrangements for an on/off bus tour and will arrange for you to be picked up by the tour company at the hotel. I highly recommend the hotel in many ways, wish I could have been higher up since being on the first floor I could hear delivery trucks in the early morning plus heavy rock music from the bar next door until 3 a.m., after which some drunks argued or laughed loud enough that I could hear them.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great place to stay would definitely recommend	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights and it was the best hotel we stayed in on our trip to Canada. We were helped in with our bags as soon as we got to the door and greeted by friendly staff at the desk to check in. We got there on Saturday night so we thought it could be noisy due to surrounding bars and with us staying on the 2nd floor but it was fine. The room was very cosy, spacious and very tastefully decorated. The only criticism I could possibly make was there were little house spiders everywhere! The breakfast was amazing, though the first morning (it being a Sunday) I don't think they were prepared for us appearing so early! Still, there was so much choice with a buffet and a menu to choose from and it was all really tasty. We also got wine and cheese every evening, shame we could only make it for the two evenings of the four as it was nice. Also, they had a computer we could use for free in the lobby and could print out for free which is a good service to be able to use.The location was very good, ok it is a busy area, but it was so convenient for getting to all the places we wanted and was very safe to walk around at night. Overall, a really good place to stay and we left happy with our stay.	
Aug 22 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel in great location	I loved this hotel -- it's exactly the kind I like: small with big rooms and a great service staff in a wonderful location. Our room faced the river and was perfect. The concierge helped us out with all our restaurant reservations and suggested some fine places we hadn't thought of. We only had two problems: the wi-fi didn't work in the room... and we came in on a Saturday night -- and on Saturday nights in summer it's fireworks night in Montreal, so hundreds of thousands of people are headed to the Vieux-Port area... took us hours to get to the hotel.So if you're flying in, don't come in late on Saturday!But that's not the hotel's fault -- it was a lovely place.Also liked the restaurant, Narcisse Bistro, that's there as well.	
Aug 13 2009 	Never have I been so glad to leave a place.	Our stay at the Loft Apartments at Auberge du Vieux-Port was supposed to be the highlight of our trip, especially as it was the most expensive place we were staying in during our holiday, unfortunately our whole experience left a bitter taste in our mouths and we couldn't leave fast enough.In fairness check in was fine, but we were disappointed on arrival in our apartment to find that there wasn't sufficient crockery for our party and the pots and pans were locked in a cupboard we didn't have a key to access. We had asked for an apartment with a king and two doubles, which we were told by the concierge was what we had been given, but on arrival at the apartment in reality we had two kings and a sofa bed.Eventually a couple of hours after check in when the crockery etc had been unlocked and we had eaten, we settled down to watch TV and log onto the internet, except we couldn't, for various reasons to numerous to go into we didn't get the internet as promised many times by the concierge at all during our stay.Additionally we had a young family staying above us with a love of loud music, not only did we have to endure their music, but their children running around above us loudly until late at night, so if you value a good nights sleep look elsewhere.Needless to say by the time we checked out the concierge was neither as friendly nor as welcoming as on arrival, never have I been so glad to leave a place.	
Aug 11 2009 	A lot of room in a fun location - Vieux Port Lofts	My wife and I have traditionally stuck with brand name hotels - we just want to avoid the risk of finding ourselves miserable during our limited vacation time, especially for something we essentially have control over. We have two younger children, one 3 1/2 and the other seven months old, so we like extra space. We stayed at the Vieux Port Lofts, and we found there's an abundance of extra leg room. ABOUT THE HOTEL:Overall, the hotel has a nice atmosphere, and check in was easy with very friendly and accommodating staff. We arrived by taxi from the airport and loved the old cobblestone streets we had to drive through to get here. We know we're staying in tourist-central, but we have no pretense about being visitors and enjoying the charm of the old city. This hotel is right in the center of it all - the kitschy restaurants, post card shops...you name it.The lofts are not part of the hotel, but are a short walking distance away. Someone walked us and our bags over to our room. The one drawback with staying in the historic lofts and having small kids is there is no elevator, and there are lots of stairs. I wouldn't recommend this space if you're bringing the in-laws. (Mine would have complained, if they made it up them at all). Also, by staying in the lofts, there is no bellhop or doorman - you're given a set of keys to a nondescript entrance, and all you see are stairs (did I mention there were lots?).Overall, very helpful staff and concierge. Friendly and easy service through and through.ABOUT THE ROOM:We stayed in room 605, which is a true two bedroom with a very roomy living area (complete with DVD player, so pack those Dora episodes if you have them); there's also a small(er) kitchen, but it is a well laid out 1400 square feet of space... I have many friends with NYC apartments half the size of this place. The rooms are clean (although the kitchen and bathroom are a little dated - but this is more a nitpick since I was thrilled to have the kitchen amenities). The space is also charming, e.g. lots of exposed brick, lots of light, and we didn't have any noise issues (this is a response to previous posts I read on the hotel). I think the pictures of the furnishings on the hotel's website are a little misleading - the stuff feels more like you're staying in a Three-Star time share, as opposed to a swanky SoHo loft. Hotel staff had set up a pack and play for our little one. Also, we took advantage of the washer and dryer one floor below us. We stayed here for three nights, and overall - we loved it. When we return to Montreal, we'll look to stay here again. The space made this place feel like a home away from home - and the price was perfect. We're leaving tomorrow for Quebec City and are staying in a large suite at the Fairmont Hotel Frontenac. There, we're paying for one night what Vieux Port charged us for three. I can't wait to compare the value!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Service Ruined by Early Morning Freight Train	My wife and I booked a room for a three night romantic getaway at the suggestion of friends. When we arrived, Frederick greeted us outside with a huge smile to help us unload the car. He was the best concierge we have ever had the pleasure of dealing with - always smiling, friendly, and ready to do whatever it takes. Whenever he saw us, he inquired about our visit, and asked if there was anything he could do. The front desk staff were equally helpful, assisting with restaurant recommendations/reservations and helping us plan a day exploring Montreal by subway, bus and foot. Valet parking included unlimited in/out privileges.We arrived just in time for the nightly wine and cheese guest reception in the restaurant. It is ticketed and each guest receives one generous glass of wine that can be taken to the tables outside on Rue de la Commune overlooking the port, or on the roof terrace. Additional glasses of wine are available for purchase.Everything was as advertised on the website. The room faced the port and had two large windows with twin glass panels that opened fully allowing cool fresh air in during the night. The bed was comfortable and was placed against an old brick wall. The bathroom was large with a pedestal sink (but the shower stall was quite small). There was a flat panel TV in the room, a CD player and mini speakers (the front desk has a library of CD's available to guests), and high speed wireless internet.We went to bed that first night very pleased with our choice.........until we were shaken from our sleep at 4:00 a.m. by the very loud squeaking, squealing, and screeching sounds of metal on metal coming from a slow moving freight train that was immediately across the street from the hotel and no more than 20 meters from our window. The train continued passing for 20 minutes, making sure that we were fully awake. It was like a scene straight out of the movie &quot;My Cousin Vinny.&quot; A second, shorter train came by at 6:00 a.m. just to make sure that our night's sleep was completely disturbed. This scenario repeated itself at the same time on each of the three nights we were there, preventing us from getting even one good night's sleep. It ruined what would have been an otherwise excellent stay. Perhaps a room on the other side of the hotel would have been a better choice, but we wanted a room with a view of the port. The hotel should warn guests of the potential for this considerable disturbance so that room location can be taken into account when making a reservation. If you want the room with a view and plan on sleeping through the night, you are well-advised to bring good earplugs.Bleary eyed from the lack of sleep, we made our way down to breakfast which is included with the room. There was a fine selection of hot and cold meals - the french toast was particularly good. Service at breakfast was a little spotty, but the food was tasty. If we return to Montreal, we will consider this hotel, but only if we can get a room facing Rue Saint Paul.	
Jul 20 2009 	Beware of OBNOXIOUS LOUD club next door!	My husband and I planned a 2 night romantic stay at this hotel. The valet parking made an easy check in...it was nuts at that time of day, i think it was around 2pm on a friday. Upon entering our lovely room, we noticed the bed was kind of leaning funny, it was broken and wobbily. Oh well, it's so beautiful, I am not going to worry about that. We could hear a violinist playing &quot;La Vie en Rose&quot; outside our window....a fave song from our recent wedding...ahh... Then I took a soak in the LARGE whirlpool tub! Yay!!!...hey, only 2 of the jets 'sort of' work...oh well....we are having fun, so it didn't matter. After wandering the t-shirt packed over touristy area of Vieux Montreal, we had a lovely dinner at Narcisse in the hotel. Lovely meal, lovely service, thank you Charles! We returned to our room. The violinist STILL playing (about 6pm) the same La Vie en Rose/Memories/Twinkle Twinkle Little Star montage.....(that's all he knew). HE PLAYED NON STOP UNTIL ALMOST MIDNIGHT RIGHT OUTSIDE OUR WINDOW!!! (We were on the noisier Rue St. Paul side)..oh, it gets noisier. There was a club next door that started getting hopping around midnight. Who goes to these clubs? Drunken teenagers!!! All hanging outside on the street carrying on for hours. Needless to say, I called the desk and they offered to move us up to the 5th (from the 2nd) flr, same side. I said no thanks. 30 ft of vertical change wasn't going to cut it. We left in the morning and went to Burlington VT instead. The next morning, the desk staff said 'don't stay here on a weekend in the summer' thanks for the heads up....never again.	
Jul 17 2009 	Amazing location and big space	In April 2009, my friends and I decided to take a trip to Montreal. After much research, we decided to stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port. We had 4 girls in total and it was more than enough room. We stayed in the superier room with 2 Queen size beds. The place was great because we had a kitchen, dining room and big living room. The only downside was that it only had 1 washroom, but we managed. I love the brick walls and amount of space it provided us 4 girls. Love the location! When you exit, you exit right out to the street and are 2 steps away from restaurants and shops.Another thing I didn't like was the fact that this place doesn't have elevators.. it was very hard to pull up suitcases up 3 flights of stairs.Other than that.. I loved it there and would go back. Maybe this time with my husband. =)	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel all around - we will be back soon!!	We stayed at this terrific hotel for three nights during our honeymoon. The hotel staff was excellent--very kind and incredibly helpful. Our room was beautiful, large, and immaculate -- just like the pictures on the website. (The mattress felt brand new.) Each night we went downstairs to the bar for a complimentary glass of wine and cheese. In the morning we went downstairs for the complimentary breakfast--the french toast was particularly delicious! The hotel offered free wireless in the rooms. Valet parking was pretty much necessary, but was fairly priced. The location was perfect for exploring Old Montreal and it was a reasonable walk to the Jazz Festival downtown. Thank you Michael, Matthew, and Frederick for a perfect honeymoon in Montreal.	
Jun 11 2009 	Let's double book our rooms	I had stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago so I decided to stay at their superior loft this time as well. We get to the hotel and the reception area is crawling with bugs. but to top it off, the concierge lies to us about a maintenance problem that occurred that same day so they couldn't contact us. It turns out there's no maintenance problem, they've double booked the room during the beer festival, and so the people who arrived before us got the room, as though it's first come, first serve. The manager was UNAVAILABLE, and the staff were incredibly RUDE. One staff member actually had the nerve to ask us to keep calm/quiet or they would kick us out and refuse us service. If you ever decide to stay at this hotel, have a back-up ready.	
Jun 1 2009 	This is the most enjoyable hotel stay that I can ever remember	The staff is outstanding. BostonExPat mentioned the concierge Michael. He did not overstate the caliber of this man. The valets were gracious. I had the feeling that the staff enjoyed working at this hotel. Great location... great views. It made up for rainy cloudy weather.	
May 26 2009 	We Would Definitely Stay Here Again	My husband and I stayed here for three nights in May '09. We had a river facing room on the 5th floor - the room was exactly as advertised with hardwood floors, exposed brick, and a modern bathroom. The room was large and comfortable, with a fantastic view of the river/Vieux-Port. We live in the city on a busy street, so minimal street noise doesn't bother us, but it is worth mentioning that on two mornings, a train did pass directly in front of the hotel rather early in the morning and it was fairly loud, even on the 5th floor with the windows closed. Other than the early morning noise, there wasn't one bad thing about the roomThe hotel has a fantastic restaurant with outdoor, street level seating, but if you go in the late spring/summer, make sure to have drinks at the roof top bar, which has a great view and a relaxing atmosphere. One perk of staying here is the complimentary wine/cheese offered every night in the hotel bar from 5-7pm. On two of the nights we stayed, they also had live jazz music in the bar.As other posters have mentioned, the location is great for visiting all the main sites in Vieux - Montreal and there are an abundance of dining options nearby that meet any price range. If you're looking to be close to the nightlife on Crescent St/St. Catherine's this hotel probably isn't for you, but if you want to stay in a charming hotel, with great service, and a fantastic location in Vieux-Montreal, I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Very pleased!!	We stayed at this particular hotel April 30/09 to May 2/09. We were very pleased with our choice of hotels. The employees are helpful and prompt and made our stay very comfortable. The hotel has that old feel to it that we loved. Everything is in walking distance, the shops, restaurants and Notre Dame Basilica is a must see.	
Apr 19 2009 	I loved the hotel but even better was the service	We stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port from 04/17/09 to 04/19/09 and it was a wonderful stay. The hotel fit all my expectations for a boutique hotel, and the price wasn't bad at all. More important though was that the service was VIP from the moment we checked in. The chief concierge, Michael, was one of the most helpful concierges I've ever come across in over twenty countries. He made our stay more than pleasant.	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect choice for surprise getaway.	I chose the Auberge du Vieux Port based on a friend's recommendation as a surprise getaway for my husband's birthday. It was a perfect choice. We were there 2 nights. The price including dinner and parking was very reasonable. Front desk and parking valet were gracious and accomodating. Wine/cheese offered each evening, along with live jazz on the nights we were there. Many attractions within walking distance. We will return again another time.	
Apr 8 2009 	Valet Drive my Car Into Garage and they Wil not Reimburce for Work	When my wife and I arrived, the room they had for us was dirty and had not been cleaned by room service yet, so they moved us to a smaller but still a nice room. I figured, this happens, they fixed the problem the best they could. Later that night when we went down stairs for dinner, the manager stopped me and said there was a problem with my car. Told me they would bring it around, which they did 45 minutes later. The hotel had driven my new Lexus into a parking support causing damage to the back left side of the car. Again, I figured this happens and they assured me they would pay for the repairs if I provided them with an estimate. This morning I received a call from them saying they will not be sending me a check to cover the damages. I worked with this hotel chain for 3 months now trying to resolve this problem and there has been no effort on their part to correct it. To be fair, the hotel is beautiful and a short walk to some great spots. However the look of a hotel is nothing com paired to its ability to manage it's services. If you decide to stay here, do not bring your car, do not expect the senior managers to support any additional services or needs you may want and certainly do not trust anything they tell you about rates, refunds or room charges. I would say it was like living in a beautiful condo with a slumlord as a landlord.	
Apr 7 2009 	Loved it!	My huband and I stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port in late August for 6 nights for our &quot;mini-moon&quot; and we loved it. We also chose the hotel for the location in Old Montreal and loved the surrouding area.The concierges and valets were a pleasure - we enjoyed seeing and interacting with them during our stay. They always greeted us and were happy to provide advice and suggestions on what to do, where to go, and where to eat. We also brought our bikes and were able to store them in a back room. The room itself was wonderful. We stayed in a room on the third floor that overlooked the water. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were lovely also. Everything was clean and well appointed. Breakfast was a delight every morning. I loved the crepes and croissants and the wait staff were very nice also. We had the wine and cheese a few times, which was a nice treat during the stay. We also ate dinner at the restaurant and the food was delicious. Our overall experience was wonderful and we loved it there. It felt like &quot;home&quot; a few nights into our stay and we would definently stay there again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Service at a Great Hotel	We spent a very pleasant weekend at the Auberge de Vieux Port in mid-March. The room was as presented on the website – the stone wall, wooden posts and wooden floors gave it a unique and romantic character that you will not find in your typical high-rise hotel. The hotel is within walking distance of most of the downtown attractions and key buildings. We walked to and from the train station in about thirty minutes, along the way passing Notre Dame and the convention centre. Supper at the hotel restaurant was excellent, and we enjoyed the jazz duo that plays on weekends. There were also several restaurants catering to a range of tastes and prices on St. Paul Street, directly behind the hotel.  The price was also as presented, with no surprises at checkout time.The room came with a Jacuzzi tub, but unfortunately it was only built for one. (Well, two people could fit if you are both small.) We prefer a firm mattress, so we found the bed to be very comfortable.The only negative was that noise from the street level easily drifts up and through the window, so be warned if you are prone to retiring early. However, what struck us most was the very attentive service, and the outgoing, enthusiastic and friendly attitude of the hotel staff, making this one of the most pleasant stays at any hotel we have visited.	
Mar 9 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed in. Hidden Gem	I just got back from a lovely weekend in the Auberge du vieux port. We traveled all the way from Pennsylvania, and had a great experience at this hotel. It is located in the center of Old Montreal. The location could not be any more perfect, as the street behind the hotel is lined with little shops and many excellent restaurants. The street in front of the hotel hosts the port, which is a great place to walk around. When we arrived the staff was very friendly and continued to offer their help and services through the extent of our stay. The room was gorgeous, with its tall ceilings and brick walls. It had all the European charm we had expected. The bathroom was also extremely clean and updated. I am a very strong critic of hotels, and often times find something wrong, however I had nothing to complain about with this one. The included breakfast was delicious and prepared to order, and the complimentary wine and cheese between 5 and 7 is very charming, especially when the jazz band plays on the weekends. The hotel is in walking distance to the cathedral and all activities in Old Montreal. It is also in walking distance to downtown, and all the main shopping areas. I highly recommend this hotel and would consider it a hidden gem.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good location loft is OK if you know what to expect	The location is excellent if you want to be in the old port area. You can easily walk to restaurants. It’s a 10 minute walk to the metro. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. We enjoyed our stay.But there are things you should be aware of if you’re thinking about staying in a loft. This applies only to the loft (apartment) number 603.The lofts are not in the inn, but two blocks from the rear door of the inn. Someone will help you get your bags there and back. There are no elevators. We couldn’t figure out whether everybody in the building was a guest of the inn. It appeared that some were permanent residents, and that the inn just owned one or more apartments in the building.Loft #603 consists of one large (maybe 25 feet by 25 feet) room, a reasonably large bedroom, a smaller bedroom, a bathroom, an entrance hall and kitchen. Walls are exposed brick and stone; pipes and electrical cables are exposed. The fireplace doesn’t work, and neither did the TV in the large room. The TV in the large bedroom did work but you have to string an extension cord through the door and plug it into an outlet in the large room. WiFi worked pretty well.Lighting is inadequate: one person can sit next to the table lamp and have enough light to read comfortably, but others will find the light a little dim for reading. The cord for the lamp by the bedroom runs into the wall, then inside the wall to a spot several feet away where it emerges and is plugged into an outlet. This is beyond strange; it is a fire hazard. It can get noisy. The people downstairs had a party that included children playing hockey in the hall. Someone upstairs rose each day at 6:30, flushed the toilet 15 or 20 times, then woke the children and got them started practicing their Morris dancing. OK, I exaggerate a little, but you will hear every flush, foot step and (muffled) conversation. Luckily, with the exception of the party night, people went to bed fairly early and we didn’t really find the noise too bothersome.The large bedroom has a glass door, reducing privacy. The water heater has enough hot water for only two showers. Housekeeping makes the beds and changes the towels each day.If you’re not cooking your own in the loft’s kitchen, breakfast is in the inn and it’s $10 (not included with the room as it would be if you were staying in the inn.) Our breakfasts were excellent and the service was prompt and courteous.We arranged through the hotel for transportation to the hotel from the airport and back; it was reliable and pleasant. However, we were told by the hotel that the trip to the hotel would be $101 including tax and tip, and that the trip from the hotel would be somewhat less. We paid for both trips when we returned to the airport, and the bill was $232 not including tip. It’s about 20 minutes each way; I’d bet a cab would have been quite a bit less. For comparison, here in overpriced New Jersey a roughly equivalent round trip was $100 including tax and a pretty generous tip.	
Jan 5 2009 	Lots of charm - and a few quirks	This lovely auberge has a lot going for it: a brilliant location in the heart of vieux Montreal; very large and attractive rooms with bare beams, exposed brick, hardwood floors, and large windows - ours looked out over the river. The ensuite bathroom was a dream: wonderfully spacious and well equipped with an abundance of fluffy towels and quality products, a shower with lashings of hot water and a separate jacuzzi tub. Fabulous!Breakfasts were good. A continental breakfast buffet was laid out, together with menu service that included full English breakfasts, omelettes, pancakes etc. We also enjoyed an excellent dinner one evening in the hotel restaurant.Quirks? As has been mentioned by other guests, there seems to be some under-staffing. Although courteous, friendly and ultimately responsive, the front desk staff person is also responsible for answering the phone and taking reservations - which can mean quite a wait for incoming or outgoing guests. When we arrived, our room was extremely cold, in part due to a faulty thermostat and not helped by the faulty window sealing which allowed frigid Montreal air to whistle through. The brick wall beside the window was also crumbling in places, resulting in small piles of dust and brick fragments on the windowsill and floor. We also expressed disappointment to the front desk that here was no means to make coffee or tea in the room. By the time we returned to our room that afternoon, a portable heater was waiting for us, together with what appeared to be a brand new coffee maker - complete with coffee, cream etc. That's service!All in, an experience that I would recommend.	
Nov 6 2008 	A High Point in our Travels	We were pleased from the outset with this hotel. Truly one of the high points of our 5 state and 1 province tour of the Northeast. The staff was remarkably attentive, although, we thought, at times the hotel was short staffed for all that was expected of them. Still we never got an ounce of attitude from the front desk, the valets, maids, bar or restaurant. All were attentive to our needs. In addition the rooms were nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. The wine and cheese hour is a delight, and the breakfast was delicious... really. This hotel was for us one of the best aspects of our trip to Montreal. We'll go back to Montreal just to stay here again.	
Oct 21 2008 	Reservation Given Away	Do yourself a big favor by calling the hotel if you are arriving late. If you don’t, they will give it away then blaming on the online booking system. It happens to us even with credit card deposit guaranteed. It ruined our trip to Montreal totally.	
Oct 21 2008 	Exceeded Expectations!!	We have just returned from spending four nights at the Auberge du Vieux-Port and had a FANTASTIC time!!!We checked in on September 22 until September 26, 2008.The main part of the hotel is located RIGHT on Rue de la Commune which is directly on the riverfront where romantic horse drawn carriages stroll by all day. Across the street is the wharf where the bateaux-mouche dock and the bike path begins. Around the corner is the Jacques Cartier Square .......This is where we checked-in but we knew in advance that we would be staying in one of their off-site Lofts.However, from the moment of our check-in, we knew we were in for an excellent experience!Fredrique escorted us ((and carried our luggage)) to our loft around the corner on Rue de Vincent which is an EXCELLENT location.Our loft is in a 119 year old building. The lofts are all BEAUTIFULLY &amp; rustically renovated warehouses ...... open ceilings, exposed brick, water pipes, etc ......Next door is a fantastic Italian restaurant ((Galliano's)) where we had TWO delicious dinners.Although our loft ((#604 ~~ HIGHLY RECOMMENDED)) was up SIX flights of stairs (with NO elevator), we would not want to ever stay anywhere else!#604 is over 900 square feet. Please see our scans to get a complete idea of how extraordinary was this loft!The side of the room overlooking Rue de Vincent had four floor to ceiling, double windows. Most of the walls are exposed stone and used brick. There is a WORKING fireplace, WITH wood provided! Although we did not need it, the loft is air conditioned and the heating works great. We didn't have time to prepare meals but the kitchenette is well equipped for our needs....... microwave....... frig .... everything .... There are two dining tables ~~ formal &amp; informal. The furnishings are soooo comfortable and welcoming. Take a look at that fantastic BED!!!! Wireless, CD player, TV, closet space, bath ~~ all great. Comfortable couch and easy chairs..... Desk .......excellent lighting ..... The king size bed and linens are LUXIOURIOUS!! We had daily maid service ..... bath linens are great.At night, the view from our loft was breathtaking! While sitting on the couch, we could see the beautifully lit dome of the Marche Bonsecours down the street ...... Below us, Rue de Vincent bustled but was very quiet ...... we never were bothered by noise during our entire stay. Right next door to our loft is a washing machine &amp; dryer but we did not need to use it.EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!!!!!We only paid $169.00 a night!Because we were not staying in the main Hotel, we were not entitled to a free breakfast ..... but it only cost us $10.00 and it was GREAT! Also, Loft Guests had extended breakfast privileges until 11:00. Because we are late sleepers, this worked out perfectly.As explained by previous reviewers, breakfast is served in a cozy restaurant below the Hotel Desk. Service was always excellent. We never felt rushed, food was always complete and plentiful and our servers were always friendly, professional and delightful. Our selections included omelets, eggs, waffles, pancakes, assorted breads &amp; croissants, cereals, muffins, fruits, etc ...The Hotel Staff at Auberge du Vieux-Port was always extremely friendly and helpful.LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!!!!!!We didn't rent a car and didn't need one .... so much was within walking distance and our four days were not nearly enough time to scratch the surface.One morning, we took a tour on the Bateau-Mouche..... relaxing and wonderful .....Another morning, we rented bikes at Ca Roule ....... biked to the Marche where we bought picnic sandwiches, cheeses, etc &amp; drinks ....... and then biked along the Lachine Canal to the Parc where we ate our picnic lunch on the banks of the St Lawrence River and then we biked back!!! Thirty Miles, we were told , but it was soooooooooooooo worth it (we are 58 &amp; 60 years old and it was a not-too-miss experience.)I was taught by the Sisters of the Congregation de Notre Dame de Montreal (in New York) so I really enjoyed the Bourgeoys Museum and the Bonsecours Chapel. Even my husband (an Episcopalian) was impressed ......One night, we bought tickets for a light show at the Notre-Dame Basilica. It was called: &quot;Lumiere Fut&quot; and was a little cheesy in spots but, overall, a FANTASTIC show! The Basilica (where Celine Dion was married) is gorgeous during the day but SPECTACULAR at night.Don't miss the Pointe-a-Calliere Museum (Museum of Archaeology and History) ~~ VERY well done. Montreal is very proud of its extremely important history and the Pointe offers a great introduction and over-view to it.Although very French, Old Montreal is completely bilingual and everyone we met was extremely friendly and fun. We live in San Diego but we BOTH want to return to Vieux Montreal...... it was an unforgettable trip ........	
Oct 8 2008 	Lofts - EXCELLENT	I stayed in a loft above a restaurant and could not have been more pleased. The room was fabulous, the people VERY nice, the view fantastic. The noise level was very low on the street and the restaurant, but it was October. The loft was in the middle of the &quot;place to be&quot;. Others I went with stayed in hotels (Hilton, Sheraton) and were very disappointed they did not take the Tripadvisor recommendation to stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port. Can't go wrong staying here - it's where those in the know stay.	
Oct 1 2008 	Greet the staff and get prepared for an argument about almost everything	such a disappointment from beginning to end.The unhelpful disinterested arrogant staff watched us spiral out ofcontrol without helping to give any ideas for visiting local attractions to eating at local restaurants. Just avoid the breakfast, it takes way too long, they run out of supplies anyway and treat you as if you are a real &quot;bother&quot; to be ignored and you're taking up valuable time in their day. The &quot;deluxe&quot; room had trash pickup at 5am in the morning outside your window. Hope that you like lots of morning noise.The hotel should take a course 101 in welcoming guests, especially tourism and making people feel special and happy that they chose to stay there over all the hundreds of places to stay in montreal.In retrospect, we should have chosen another place that a friend recommended. We are Very sad because, this completely ruined our trip to Canada.	
Sep 14 2008 	Simply Superb!	When booking a small hotel in a large city never previously visited, one never knows if you have chosen wisely regarding location, cleanliness, amenities, etc. I must have looked at 100 places in Montreal when planning where we would spend our 35th anniversary, and Auberge du Vieux-Port was absolutely the perfect choice. Excellent linens including robes, high end bath products, multiple breakfast choices such as crepes &amp; omelette's (included) in addition to the buffet evening cheese and a glass of wine (also included). The fact that a small hotel in an old building has an elevator is a rare treat! The location is ideal as it is easy to access the rest of the city via subway or bus from the hotel, and you are in the heart of Old Montreal, which is the part of town to simply walk and enjoy. Some of the very old aspects of the building have been preserved, like stone walls, but everything else is very up to date. Our room, which had an immense jacuzzi tub plus separate shower, did not face the river, of which we were actually glad since that street tends to be very busy and therefore noisy all the time. Our only disappointment was the rooftop restaurant; the on-line pictures made it look like a place for a special event dinner when it's really only a place to stop for one drink, but there are a multitude of wonderful restaurants very near the hotel.	
Sep 13 2008 	Beautiful Hotel with Lovely Staff	Originally we thought we would be in the lofts down the street, but wound up staying on the top floor of the main hotel in a back room overly Rue St. Paul. The suite was exactly as advertised and the terrace was wonderful (the curry chicken salad was quite refreshing on a hot summer day). Frederic greeted us at the door and was always delightful. The hotel itself, is excellently located in the old town and we walked EVERYWHERE.The breakfast that is included is varied enough to not get tiring and the staff are always willing to try and meet any special requests. Check out was easy and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The restaurant menu is a bit limited, but the food wasn't disappointing and there are tons of restaurants near by.	
Sep 12 2008 	Absolutely Delightful	A charming old-world boutique hotel, the Auberge du Vieux Port is ideally located with a view of the St. Lawrence River. My husband and I spent five nights in a Deluxe King room which was beautifully decorated. The artwork in the bedroom, corridor and also the bathroom was tasteful and unique. We particularly liked the hardwood floors, exposed beams and stone wall in the room. Robes, slippers and an umbrella were included. The staff was especially accommodating and friendly. Michael, an exceptional and very pleasant concierge, suggested restaurants as well as sights and always asked our opinion of the places we visited. He really went out of his way to be helpful, concerned and considerate. Because we arrived in September we didn’t get to have the rooftop breakfast, a service that ends August 31; however, the breakfast in the lower-level restaurant was very nice. A nightly wine and cheese cocktail hour between 5 and 7 PM was included in the price—a very nice touch. They even had live music.I reserved the room by phone because I wanted to check on parking. I discovered that it would have been better to make the reservation online. Apparently the person I spoke to failed to include my request for a separate shower. However, this issue was resolved quickly and to our satisfaction. We had a lovely room. Although the following problem didn’t affect my rave reviews of the hotel I must mention it. I was told that my car would be in an underground garage. I didn’t use my car during our stay. When we were ready to leave we were originally told by Daniel that it would take ten minutes to get the car. A half-hour later, as we waited in the lobby with our luggage, Daniel, who had been mostly amiable during our stay, suddenly became annoyed and instead of apologizing for the delay he was rather curt when we asked how much longer we’d have to wait. When my car was retrieved I discovered it was parked, not in an underground garage, but outside in a tiny lot. We were eager to get on the road so I didn’t question this. I do suggest that anyone wishing to park at the hotel find out exactly where they put cars. In conclusion, our overall experience was very positive and I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a delightful place to spend time in Old Montreal.	
Aug 21 2008 	Dishonest!	Unfortunately, we never actually had the chance to stay at this hotel... Why, you ask? Well, we received a $200 gift certificate to the hotel as a wedding present. When we finally found a weekend in which to use it (just over 1.5 years later, and after them granting us one &quot;extension&quot;)... we discovered the hotel would no longer accept it. They simply had a policy that certificates expire after 1 year (1.5 years if you beg).To think the hotel actually took $200 as payment for a service, and then placed an arbitrary deadline on redeeming this! Terrible! I wouldn't do business with such a business ever again!	
Aug 13 2008 	Amazing	This is a beautiful, small, quaint boutique-type hotel with all the charm of surrounding Old Montreal. The service (especially Michael), the rooms, the restaurants and the ambience were just what I was hoping for. Full concierge service, full breakfast included in stay, wine and cheese with jazz music included, turndown service and even monogrammed robes and umbrellas in the room. The 'river-view' room was a little noisy during the night, but the other perks made it worthwhile. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 30 2008 	Attractive clean and peaceful	Extremely attractive rooms, and I was lucky enough to have one with a wide view over the river.Bed extremely comfortable, bathroom facilities excellent.Copious breakfast, although unfortunately served in a rather dark basement dining-room.Staff on the whole very efficient and pleasant, though with one unfortunate exception.Generally speaking highly recommended.	
Jul 13 2008 	excellent choice	I would like to confirm all the positive feedback on this hotel.It is in a great location with many choices of restaurants nearby.The staff at the hotel were the best I have ever come across - lots of time for you and very helpful - my husband needed a doctor whilst there and Michael did his utmost to assist us.Although I had a lovely room overlooking the marina, I was disappointed it did not have a jacuzzi. I asked the staff to be moved and I was given the first available room with a jacuzzi which I greatly appreciated after long days of walking around.The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are just as they appear on the internet - lots of charm and character.I would definately stay here again and would highly recommend it .	
Jul 11 2008 	some kinks but enjoyable stay	we spent 2 nites at the auberge- 7/3 and 7/4. we reserved a deluxe king room and checked into the room, the a/c was not working. we were told to give it some time. so we went out and enjoyed the city. came back after 11pm and the a/c was still not working. the night manager came up to check and said that it was broken and brought us 2 fans. it was fairly hot that nite and we didn't sleep well.the next morining we spoke to the manager- he was very busy but after he gave us his undivided attention, he switched us to a different room with functioning a/c and ended up comping us the first nite.we would have rather been comfortable the first nite than have it for free but ok.both rooms and bathrooms were very spacious with brick and stone . the hotel itself was nicely renovated and is comfortable and charming. there is a breakfast room in the basement that is lovely and a rooftop bar with river views.asked the staff for restaurant recommendations and ended up at an excellent italian trattoria -cafe via dante in petite italie- not touristy at all with wonderful food and service and noot crazy expensive.the next nite we ended up at chao phraya, an excellent thai place in a non touristy residential part of town.so but for the a/c issues, i would give it 5 stars.	
Jul 6 2008 	Wonderful hotel	My family spent 4 nights at this hotel in late June 2008. We had 2 rooms overlooking the main road. The rooms were charming, much the same as shown in the photos provided on the website. Exposed brick, wood floors. It is a really old building but the rooms are renovated and charming. They are also a good size. Breakfast was served in the basement which is also very nice. The only negative to the experience is the street can be somewhat noisy, but with the windows shut, it was not a problem. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. One of the 4 nights was spent in an apartment managed by the hotel in a different building. We changed our plans late and they could not get us a 4th night in the main auberge. The apt was OK and actually a great value at just over $200 a night for a 2 bedroom unit. While it was nice, the main auberge is a much nicer experience, but if you are looking for something more affordable, it is a solid choice. The hotel is in a nice part of the city with restaurants everywhere, although a bit pricey. It's about a 6 block easy walk to the metro. We highly recommend this hotel. We tend to be really fussy and not shy to voice complaints, but really had none during this stay.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice Quaint Hotel	We stayed here in early March. The hotel is in an excellent location in Old Montreal. The hotel is gorgeous very European. The staff is absolutely excellent, and are truly there to serve you. The rooms have hardwood floors and are very comfortable. Old Montreal at this time of the year is quite dead, the restaurants close early and I didn't think there was much to do. We ended up spending the majority of our time downtown which is about a 15 minute walk from Old Montreal. I have been to Old Montreal in the summer and it is definitely more lively than it is in the winter-spring.	
Jun 30 2008 	Staff neglected to tell us some things	The Hotel itself is one of the most picturesque in old Montreal.We stayed in the lofts, which(we were not told)were about a block and a half away above a restaurant that's owned by the hotel.There was no lift and it was a 2 story walkup-again we were not informed.The lofts are spacious, but the furniture in ours was old and worn.My friends rooms furniture was much nicer.The beds are huge-kings-and pretty comfortable.A huge problem was the windows.I don't know about the rest, but #804 does not have double paned glass and it is very noisy at night and you can hear everything.We only stayed for a night, but that was a big concern.The staff was very helpful,especially the concierge/doorman.They offer valet parking for a fee and will retrieve your car at any time.They also gave us an extended checkout.The hotel itself looks real nice,especially the main restaurant and the location is excellent.	
Jun 30 2008 	Beautiful building excellent location	We choose this property via the Montreal tourism web site's Sweet Deal Promotion, but cross checked available properties here on Trip Advisor.We were very pleased overall with the property, the service, the room and the food (the hotel serves a complimentary breakfast with choice of entree and access to buffet for guests). We would stay here again without question and would recommend it to our friends.Of note: This part of Montreal has heavy pedestrian traffic and is busy at night, which is part of its charm. Our stay began on a weeknight and ran into the weekend. The increase in noise from the street was significant on Saturday night. Our room was located on the third floor, which more or less negated this problem, and if you are sensitive to noise, you might want to try and get a room on an upper level. While there are train tracks nearby, we found that the train itself was a non-issue, even with our windows wide open.	
Jun 24 2008	nice loft	We had a loft at Vieux-Port. The lofts seem to be housed in buildings separate from the hotel. The loft was very spacious, with kitchen, washer/dryer, living area, two tvs, etc. Be aware that you may have to walk up several flights of stairs for the lofts. Their employee Christian was very helpful. We did have a problem with the Internet in the loft; there was no wireless and we were given an ethernet cord so short (18 in. long) that we could not even put our computer on the desk nearest the internet port. Good location in old Montreal.	
May 19 2008 	Old world charm in the heart of Old Montreal	My wife and I visited Montreal for a long weekend getaway and chose the Auberge du Vieux-Port after a quick web search. The hotel consists of five separate buildings, located along the riverside in Old Montreal.We chose a loft apartment, which was clean and well equipped with large windows looking out onto the street. As some reviewers have mentioned, the lofts are not brand new or designer chic, but they are very cosy and comfortable, like a well lived in apartment, with lots of exposed brick and timber floors. The kitchen was roomy and well-equipped, although we didn't use it as the local restaurants are excellent. Like most New Zealanders we don't speak a word of French, but the hotel staff were unfailingly friendly and helpful.If you are staying in Old Montreal, it's well worth renting a bicycle and cycling along the riverside. There are over 300km of bike tracks throughout the city and it's a great way to look around. We had a great stay at the Auberge and recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.	
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent	My wife and I stayed for two nights in early April and couldn't have been happier with our choice. Room furnishings, desk service, bathrooms etc. were all excellent, but it was a few extra touches with which we were most impressed. First, there is a wine and cheese between 5:00 and 7:00, which was lovely. Guests get a free glass of wine and can nibble on brie and gouda served with fresh baguette. Also, guests get free breakfast. Not &quot;continental&quot;, as is the norm, but hot, cooked, from-a-menu breakfast. Overall, this hotel was a big part of a perfect weekend.	
Mar 24 2008 	An Excellent Stay !	My wife and I stayed 4 nights in March 2008. We very much enjoyed the excellent service. The staff was friendly and very helpful to recommend restaurants and provide directions. The room was very nice with high celings, stylish furnishings and a very nice jacuzzi tub. The only drawback is that the walls seem a bit thin and you can hear street sounds and anyone next door. But, I would highly recommend this hotel and congratualte the staff on an excellent job !	
Mar 4 2008 	Wonderful Inn with a personal touch.	Top notch customer service very clean rooms with quality linens. The Inn has a lovely ambiance and the staff are very welcoming and more than helpful (in English or French). An early arrival in Montreal mid January meant we were at the hotel earlier than expected. We were checked in and given great directions for our itinerary over the next few days, not to mention a few other useful tips and places to visit. I even noticed one of the managers have a discussion with staff on the best fruit to have in the foyer for the clients. Attention to detail seemed to be where their mindset is. The complimentary cheese and wine for the guests served 5-7pm is a great touch. The little bar is cozy, and with some jazz in the evening there wasn't much of an urge to head out to the cold Montreal streets to sightsee. Location is great to visit the Old City and Notre Dame is only 6 or 7 minutes walk away. A tip to go to the Jean Talon market proved invaluable to us foodies. I could go on but....try it out, makes a great winter getaway.K2C	
Feb 17 2008	Very good stay	Stayed on the first floor with the original exposed brickwork. Very nice room, only comment would be the slight noise from the road outside and the trains (100m away).Overall would use again.	
Feb 15 2008 	Gorgeous building - Great service	We booked on short notice and based on the website pictures and some reviews. As always, you never know if the actual hotel is as beautiful as the pictures on the website, there was no doubt we were in the right place. It was warm (considering it was February and -25C without the wind), not pretentious (but classy) and the staff were pleasant, helpful and volunteered useful information. Some hotels you have to do all the work by asking 100 questions, they answered your questions before you could even ask. We were lucky to be upgraded and had a beautiful King Size room with double jacuzzi with a view of the river. The room was welcoming and warm, the food was delicious and the rates were very reasonable. A rare find - definitely recommended.	
Dec 30 2007 	Avoid the Lofts (#805 at least)	Paid a premium price based on what I saw on the computer - very disappointing - expected some character but also some better quality. The only decent piece of furniture was the bed which was very comfortable. The table was a very basic kitchen table with chips in the formica top, the sofa bed was so uncomfortable my son had to put the mattress on the floor to sleep as well as being well-used (like the matching love seat), one of the prints on the wall was sliding out of it's frame, the remote control for the TV didn't work (perhaps because it was a different brand?). Most disappointing, though, was the bathroom. Rather than something comparable to a high end Sheraton - the walk-in glass doored shower and avante-garde wash basin I saw a picture of we had a small, cramped bathroom more in keeping with an average highway motel. The wash basin had several chips in the porcelain, and the cheap plywood door didn't close properly.On a positive note the staff were very friendly and accommodating.The concept of the loft is great - we didn't mind the stairs - wouldn't expect to find a loft on the ground floor! And blends well with the old world nature of Old Montreal's architecture. However, reality did not meet our expectations.Perhaps I should give the hotel the benefit of the doubt - we booked late so perhaps we got the worst of the lofts.This review is more of a warning than a complaint - I didn't complain to management. Why? Because my wife and I were there with our two grown children on a short vacation. The opportunities to do so get fewer as the children get older. The loft was large enough for us to enjoy each other's company, and the city of Montreal offered lots to do. We weren't going to let the loft's short comings detract from our time together - I won't, however, stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Still a good place...	Although it was a better buy a few years ago with the exchange rate and increases, it's still a great respite in Old Montreal. If you wanta ton of amenties like a gym, go to the Omni- otherwise, for quaint, charming, comfort- choose the Auberge.	
Dec 18 2007 	Still a charmer but could use some improvements....	We have not stayed at the Auberge du Vieux Port for a few years, so we figured it was time to revisit this old favourite.The hotel still has its charms, but this year is its 10th anniversary, and the hotel is showing its age in small ways.The upholstered bench in our room had a noticeable hole in the corner, with the stuffing coming out. The caulking around the bathroom sink was all mildewy and deteriorating -- it ought to have been replaced ages ago. That sort of thing. Nothing major, but it all adds up.Also, the Narcisse, the new wine bar, is not as nice as the old Les Remparts restaurant, either in atmosphere or menu.However, the service continues to be impeccable. Staff are friendly and helpful at all times -- they certainly made the stay very pleasant.	
Dec 10 2007 	wonderful	I waited until the last minute to book a trip to Montreal and had few choices as to where to stay. I saw Auberge Vieux du Port and it looked nice so I blindly took a chance. Sometimes dumb luck is the best way to travel.On the way up to Montreal, I took a recent copy of Conde Nast with their annual readers' poll. Turns out Auberge was the number 1 hotel in Montreal and number 7 in all of Canada.I understand why it gets high marks. The staff is outstanding, the hotel is adorable, the location is perfect, and there are so many little things they do well. I was on my own, but was always comfortable and well taken care of. The concierge gave me her card when I checked in -- just in case I had any questions while out and about, and then called my room to make sure that &quot;everything was perfect.&quot;There is a wine and cheese reception in the bar each evening. The bedding rivaled top hotels in Europe. And I could not have been happier in the Old Port section of Montreal. It is magical at night when the lights come on, there are adorable shops, restaurants galore, and art galleries to poke around in.The food scene in Montreal is amazing. I had some of the best meals ever, and felt that had I chosen other restaurants, I still would have. There are so many to choose from.I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a boutique, well serviced, comfortable experience. Oh, and their restaurant was very good too.	
Nov 15 2007	Just wonderful!	Stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port a month ago. Had a really great tme. Was actually surprised to see it ranked so low on tripadvisor. Staff was just wonderful, our stay wouldn't have been same without them. Would go back any time and recommend it to anyone with no doubt. Ask for river front room.	
Nov 5 2007 	This place is amazing!!!!	We needed a break and this hotel was the answer in spades...from the moment we arrived until the concierge got us in our cab complete with coffees...what a lovely property...the room was so charming and the linens soft and luxurious...beautiful breakfasts each morning and wine and cheese after a full day of shopping just steps from the front door in Old Montreal...we'll defineatley be back...I think this will be an annual tradition for us now....romantic...and we can't say enough about the staff...they were amazing...thanks for a much needed getaway...we're ready for the real world again!!!	
Oct 25 2007	Loved the Vieux-Port....	We spent 3 nights at the Auberge in mid-October, and found the location, service staff, and rooms all that we would have wanted.Also, the buffet breakfast served in a wine-cellar-like room was very good. Although we were initially disappointed that their restaurant, Les Remparts, had recently closed, the concierge made us reservations at other highly recommended places including Restaurant Bonaparte and Pinxto (Spanish tapas).The valet brought our car within 10 minutes each time we requested it and everyone working at the hotel, including the breakfast-room server, went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. In fact, when the woman in charge of breakfast noticed that my husband was making a hot chocolate from the buffet, she offered to go to the kitchen and make a cup with better cocoa and milk (not water). A small nicety, perhaps, but an example of the staff's generous attitude. We liked walking to most places, and the archeology museum and Science center with Imax theater are right nearby, as is Rue St. Paul.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent location	We were staying at one of the lofts which are owned by the hotel. On arrival, the staff were helpful and attentive and drove us from the hotel to our apartment located within 50 metres of the hotel. The 2-bedroomed apartment was in an old converted building and beautifully furnished. The location of the loft, in Montreal's old town, was perfect and there were many resturants, street entertainers and shops within a 2 minute walk. Our car was valet parked by the hotel staff and was brought to us whenever we needed it within 10 minutes of a phone call to reception. Our only criticisms of the lofts du vieux port were that the apartment proved to be quite dark and the lighting wasn't sufficient, plus the front bedroom, which faced onto the street was very noisy at night due to the downstairs restaurants.	
Aug 10 2007 	Highly Recommend	The location was excellent. The staff courteous and professional. We were pleased with the room, the breakfast and wine and cheese included. The restaurant was first rate as well. We have traveled quite a bit and found this hotel to be a very good value.	
Aug 7 2007	Very Nice Hotel	We just got back from staying at this hotel and it did not disappoint. We were debating between the other numerous boutique hotels in Old Montreal and were glad we settled on this hotel. I am surprised to see it so low on the the tripadvisor rankings. The location is perfect facing the port, and the other side of the hotel facing rue St. Paul. The hotel is a great intimate size, very high ceilings, comfy beds, clean rooms...and attentive staff. After getting to our room and settling in a little bit, the front desk called to check everything was okay and if we needed anything else...it was a nice touch.A few minor concerns....if you are sensitive to sound, avoid staying on the st. paul side....it was loud at night on the weekend and will wake you up if you are a light sleeper. The elevator is very slow. The restaurant service was questionable...we tried a couple of times to eat on the roof terrace but the service was not very good....lots of food choices in the area, I would suggest going elsewhere...Otherwise a great hotel....I would stay there again.	
Aug 5 2007 	Loved this hotel	We stayed 8 nights at Auberge du Vieux-Port in July 2007 and it was wonderful. Our room was very large and the bathroom was huge. The staff was very helpful. I will definietly stay here again.Just two small issues- our room was right next to the stairs that lead up to the terrace. The noise level was excessive at times. Also, I would have liked the bathroom lighting to be a little brighter.	
Jul 23 2007 	Wish We Spent Honeymoon Somewhere Else	My new husband and I had high expectations about the Auberge du Vieux-Port when we arrived. We had seen pictures on the website...but were so disappointed with our stay there. This was our first stay on our honeymoon -- 2 nights at Auberge before heading onto Quebec. It was unseasonably warm during our stay in Montreal and our room was located on the top floor. During the middle of the night, a rainstorm came through and the ceiling broke and water ended up dripping onto our bed. We had to physically move the bed to make sure there was not going to be water damage. The air conditioning did little to improve the situation -- it was stifling in our room. We must admit -- we had a wonderful service during out stay...with many apologies from the conceirge. They waved our parking fee -- but that was about it. I would not recommend staying here.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great spot..	The Auberge is quite a romantic place to stay in an utterly romantic town! The rooms are gorgeous, the staff works overtime to make sure everything is comfortable. My only advice is to try and get a room that faces the port...the street side can get a little noisy with all the merriment going on in old Montreal.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great service terrible food!	We have just returned from a week-end in old Montreal. We had reserved a room at the Auberge and paid extra for a river view. A view, in my mind, would mean that you would have a clear view of the river but unless you were on the fourth or fifth floor this was not the case. The hotel is at a great location... close to shops and pubs and the service was phenomenal but do not get the package that includes a four course meal. First of all you do not get to choose the four courses and the majority of the meal was inedible. The ceviche was more like sashimi, the lobster ravioli was terrible and the fois gras was fois gras. The only thing that saved the meal was the filet mignon... it was delicious. But I could have saved money and eaten a better meal elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2007 	Very Nice Hotel in a Wonderful Location	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for two nights while in Montreal as part of our Honeymoon. The Front Desk staff was very nice and made sure we had everything we needed. They also gave us some information regarding things to do around Montreal. The hotel is only 27 rooms and our room had everything we needed. It appears to be kept up well and probably had been renovated in the last few years. You also receive a ticket for each night's wine and cheese reception in the bar. The location of the hotel is very central to the older part of Montreal and makes it very accessible to the city. Overall the hotel staff is very accommodating. The only issues we had were trying to get their wifi to work with a code that they provide. I had to call the front desk numerous times to get a new code and finally gave up. Also, check your bill when you leave as they charged me for both nights even though I had already paid a deposit in advance when I booked for the first night (which it does not tell you on their website when you book, it was the next day I received an email saying they would charge me the one-night deposit).	
May 23 2007 	Had a most enjoyable stay!!	While our directions from Expedia left us in the middle of somewhere and we had to call someone at 2am at home to get proper directions we arrived quite weary. The doorman was not there, but the front desk clerk was more than happy to assist us with our luggage.The room was warm and roomy. The windows were huge which provided us with much sunshine and a great view. The wood floors were a nice touch. We were there during the coldest week in Jan. many of the shops and restaurants were closed until April. The staff was more than happy to assist at any moment, especially with dining recommendations. Mattieu, the doorman, went out of his way for us many times, to call a taxi or bring us something that we left in the car. The cheeses at the wine reception were excellent as were the breakfasts. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!The location is easily accesible to any area of Old Montreal and Montreal.	
Apr 11 2007 	Didn't meet my expectations	I booked a deluxe double room with a view of the river at the Auberge du Vieux Port for under $200.00 per night. The price included breakfast, an evening cocktail hour, a Jacuzzi tub, and I thought I was getting a great deal. However, the hotel didn’t live up to my expectations even for the price. I’ve stayed at several boutique hotels in Montreal and Quebec City, but I didn’t find the Vieux Port up to par. When we arrived at the hotel, we had to carry our bags from the car in the snow, while the doorman looked on. Once the bags were in the hotel, he was only too happy to wheel them up to our room. The room itself was very large, but oddly furnished with an eclectic mix of old world reproductions and modern boutique touches. It didn’t seem to work. In addition, the room was always making some kind of noise, either the bar fridge was rattling, or the heating system was whirring, or the neighbours’ television could be heard through the walls at all hours of the night. I don’t usually have difficulty sleeping, but the noises kept me up or woke me up most nights. The sparse cold breakfast buffet was augmented with hot entrees from the menu at no cost which was a nice touch. Unfortunately, I was not too impressed with the food. Everything looked nice, but didn’t have much taste. Both at breakfast and dinner, they seemed to be more concerned with style over substance. The restaurant itself is in the basement and contains remains of the original wall around the city. Again, however the décor in the restaurant was a mix of historical architecture and faux facades made to look historic which in my mind made everything look fake. I understand the hotel is due for a renovation in the near future, so in the meantime try one of their sister hotels – the Nelligan or Place Des Armes.	
Mar 21 2007 	The lofts are amazing!	My husband and I stayed at this lovely property this past July. The staff made a scheduling error and we were upgraded to a loft room instead of the king/river view I originally booked. The lofts are in another building close by the hotel. There is no river view, but there is no need. The loft was just amazing...3 levels, crisp, clean decor, fabulous bathroom with a 2 person jacuzzi. The kitchen was lovely with every amenity possible. The living area with a couch, 2 chairs, ottoman, tv, cd player, stereo. The bedroom with a very comfortable king size bed, tv, dresser. It was a huge, luxurious way to spend time in Montreal.  After a couple days in Quebec City, we returned and were given our reserved room in the hotel. I would not suggest this room...it was on a very perceptible decline. This sounds ridiculous, but it was very bothersome to have a room that tilted toward the doorway. The room was not really special in any other way, either. The river view is not spectacular...not very picturesque and you can hear noise from the street. The breakfast/wine and cheese offering at happy hour are an added luxury and very nicely presented.If you can treat yourself to one of the loft rooms, please do so...you wont be disappointed!!	
Feb 21 2007 	warm clean and friendly	Selected the auberge on the basis of the previous reviews here. very friendly staff, a charming room with an exceptional KB. Tasty and eleguant breakfast included, An excellent location for taking a stroll in old historical Montreal. Will send my friends there.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great Location great staff	We went to Montreal on a quick mini-moon following our wedding and stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port. One of the best things about this hotel is its location in Old Montreal across the water. It's close to everything including the metro station. The staff is very friendly and would do anything to make guests happy (when we came in late one night, they were trying to get hot chocolate for one of the guests who wanted it). The free breakfast is to die for, especially fruit pancakes with chocolate and english cream. The rooms are uniquely decorated with exposed beams, etc but I must say they look better in the pictures than real life. The bathrooms are huge and jacuzzi is great though. Overall I recommend this hotel to those who are looking the splurge for a few days. It's not luxurious but definetely worth the price due to staff, location and unique quality.	
Dec 9 2006 	Fantastic Service - Cute Hotel	This is a fantastic hotel. It's in a great location to see Old Montreal, the included breakfast is amazing, and this hotel stops at nothing to make sure you are happy with your stay. We expressed interest in going to a Montreal Canadiens game while we were there, when we came home that night we had tickets waiting for us on our pillows.	
Nov 24 2006 	Lofts du Vieux-Port -- great for the independent traveler	The lofts are separate apartments in the Vieux-Port, near the Auberge du Vieux-Port. The apartments are totally self-sufficient, large, open. They are contemporary without being coldly modern, retaining some of the classic features of the building. Room service from the hotel and Restaurant du Viuex-Port was available, which was a nice touch after touring all day.The only negative was from the e-mail exchanges, I was told all amenities of the Auberge were available to us. When I checked out, I was told that did not include breakfast, and depsite showing the e-mail, was not reimbursed. As the service was pathetically slow for breakfast, we only ate there once. Instead, we had brie, baguette, fruit, coffee, and juice in the comfort of &quot;our own&quot; kitchen. A MAJOR POSITIVE, however, was I left my cell phone in the loft and it was promptly mailed to me with no charge.btw, Phillip and Michael were quite welcoming and helpful.	
Nov 14 2006 	Decent but needs updating.	We stayed at the St. Antoine in Quebec City, which was tremendous, so perhaps we were just a little expectant in what we would find, particularly after the glowing reviews here. The lobby is impressive, the wine was a nice touch and the cheese good, but the bread (aka cracker) was a little odd -- tough and very brown. The croissants at breakfast were truly some of the best we'd ever tried, which is a positive. What is odd is after such an up-to-date lobby (hip, almost, in black and fine furnishings), that the room was so dumpy. Our room (505) was large, but the bed was very worn -- flat matress, poly/cotton sheets and none of the plumpness or fluff you expect in high quality hotels -- the comforter was a standard issue floral print, with no charm. That led to an otherwise dreary appearance to the room -- done in simple whites with upgraded bedding and we'd have changed our opinion. The brouchure in the room appeared to have some updated rooms, so perhaps we just got a bad one...either way, it was a disappointment. And yes, the bathroom was large, with nice toiletries, but the shower was the dingy fiberglass and aluminum insert in the corner, with just a trickle of water, after you managed to work the button on the bottom, very odd. What is surprising is that this hotel is owned by the same folks as the Nelligan -- which was right around the corner and looked amazing -- and very upscale. Old City hints: Avoid the square around the corner and the restaurants there -- very poor examples, given the options further down rue St. Paul. Great coffee/croissant place called Olive Gourmand or something on St. Paul and a great, fun steak restaurant on McGill and St. Paul, Holder or something. Very nice and not expensive. Net: Stay at the Auberge if you like larger rooms, are on a budget and do not have high expectations -- you will do fine. If you are particular and do not mind paying a little more, do the Nelligan.	
Nov 12 2006 	Cute but Fraying	Having now stayed in similar class and priced rooms at the Bonaparte and Nelligan in Montreal, I checked in expecting a four-star, but check-out disappointed. My homework indicated this as one of the best players in the quaint heritage boutique properties in the old part of the town, and it is, but it's quickly being outclassed by others.The common areas upon walk in are well appointed and the wine-and-cheese presentation is enjoyable, with an LCD TV tastefully mounted to the quarter-millenia old exposed rock wall. Not so well-appointed were the well-meaning staff, who need to be given a stipend to replace the worse-for-wear issue-uniforms. While pleasant and attentive, requests for reservation assistance at local popular eateries were a challenge.The room was probably not one of their larger models, but was unnecessarily dark for this weary traveller. That advertised on the website large expanse of enchanting stonework was but a half-meter wide, and while the view was enjoyable, it had been a long summer for those grimy windows.Bed and bath is what cost the fourth star. The bath was clean, the basin pretty, but the shower-stall was a not -so-clever solution. The shower-stall had a unexplicable bath-nossle that required its operation. And in this class of auberge, a fiberglass and aluminum framed enclosed shower isn't the best. Most telling was the bathrobe, which, like the hard-used bed, indicated fraying at this hotel. I do hope the managment, which handles truly enjoyable properties nearby, attends to the details, which patrons expect at this sort of establishment.A lot of reviews needlessly gripe over the cobblestone road; the street-noise is not disturbing.	
Nov 5 2006	Nice big room	We stayed in a large loft style two bedroom apartment across from the hotel in a nearby building they own, or own some rooms in. The furnishings were above average, some walls were brick and we were loud but still without bothering anyone. Perfect for large groups. We stayed top floor and the room was prob 1000 sq. feet. I have no idea about the breakfasts part but valet was good.	
Oct 16 2006	A++ ... Must stay here	This is a charming small hotel in the perfect location in Montreal. Great rooms with wonderful furnishings. Worth the price. Don't miss the complimentary wine/cheese cocktail hour. We stayed in room 204 which is on side of the hotel that overlooks a busy shopping area so it was a little noise in the evening, but not a big deal.	
Oct 10 2006 	Excellent	All round first class establishment with helpful and attentive staff, wonderful rooms and very well appointed communal areas. We stayed just one night but would happily return.	
Sep 25 2006 	great hotel stay	We arrived at the hotel for 2 nights and could not have been happier with our stay. All of the hotel staff was excellent and were willing to help in any way that they could - with restaurant advice or directions (especially Michael at the desk and Brian at the door). The breakfasts were wonderful - french toast, eggs benedict, omlettes. You could order anything that you wanted from the menu along with coffe and juice. Every evening between 5 and 7, you could have a free glass of wine with fruit, cheese and bread. All of this was included in your room rate. The rooms were also great. We had a beautiful view of the port from our fifth floor room. We travel frequently, have high expectations, and were not disappointed.	
Sep 23 2006 	Nice But Lacking...	The building itself is quite laudable in its rustic French Canadian charm. However, the high school aged staff seems a bit dumbfounded if not well meaning at times. On the first morning of our stay we were informed by our waitress that a continental breakfast was included with our daily room rate. Unfortunately on the 4th day we were informed that we were entitled to a full breakfast. The front of the building although offering attractive water views, is extremely loud due to a long patch of uneven cobblestones. A room on the higher floors is recomended. Also a quick check of the window safety rail is advisable. Ours was missing a screw and dangerously loose!	
Sep 14 2006	Breakfast pantomine.	Following a very nice stay last year, my wife and I revisited again for 3 days with friends in early September.The hotel was as enjoyable as last year, apart from the debacle trying to get breakfast. The previous system of helping yourself to cereal, fruit, juices, tea and coffee prior to ordering a cooked breakfast had changed to a full service from the staff.What developed was a farce as it took at least 10 minutes to have your order taken and then a full 20 minutes for it to be served by the 2 harassed waiters, obviously inexperienced, who proceeded to deliver food, piecemeal, to the wrong tables.Each morning we witnessed complaints, including ours, being made to the staff but, despite this, there appeared to be no management control over the situation. As a 4 star hotel for this problem not to be addressed was inexcusable.Otherwise the service, comfort and cleanliness of the rooms were of a high standard.Would I return? Yes, but I would pre-checkout the local diners just in case the breakfast pantomine had not been solved.	
Sep 10 2006 	Lovely Boutique Hotel in Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early September. The room/bathroom were more spacious than we expected. We loved the ambiance of the room with an exposed brick wall behind the bed. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub that was great after a long day of sightseeing.We arrived on Labour Day, and the front desk staff was very helpful in pointing out activities that we could do despite all of the museums and shops being closed.We were pleased with the location right near the Vieux Port. Our favorite activity was renting bikes next door, and riding along the Canal de Lachine as well as the Ile-Note-Dame and Ile-Sainte-Helene. Highly Recommended!The complimentary breakfast and evening wine/cheese were lovely. We had some trouble one morning with the breakfast as did other guests. It seemed the server wasn't as fluent in English as he maybe should have been and had trouble communicating our orders. That being forgiven, we absolutely loved everything else about our stay.	
Aug 28 2006 	Very Nice!	My husband and I stayed at Auberge du Vieux-Port for two nights in July. What a nice place! We arrived late in the afternoon, hot, tired and somewhat cranky. That all changed when we approached the front door of this hotel. We were greeted with a smile, check-in was fast and painless and we were quickly escorted to our room. And what a room it was! Hardwood floors, brick and stone walls, huge windows that opened, a CD player filling the room with soft music, plenty of storage space, and a wonderful view of Old Montreal and the port. And that was just the bedroom. The impecible bath was equally pleasing, with a whirlpool tub that was especially inviting after a long day. I immediately fell in love with the aromatic Essential Elements products and the thick terry robes. Ah, the crankiness was slipping away!During our two-day stay, the professional staff was consistently pleasant and most efficient. Every request was quickly fulfilled, and every time we stepped off the elevator, one of the staff was there to greet us by name and offer to assist in any way they could, from restaurant recommendations to suggesting the best vantage point for the fireworks.The breakfast included with the price of the room was excellent, and the wine and cheese reception in the afternoon was a nice touch. We didn't eat at the hotel except for breakfast.We thoroughly enjoyed throwing open the windows of our room to enjoy the sights and sounds below, especially the street musicians and the clip-clop of the horsedrawn carriages. On our last night, an amazing double rainbow appeared over the river, and we were able to enjoy it for several minutes through these fabulous windows. It was a perfect ending to a most romantic stay at this excellent hotel.	
Aug 22 2006 	A Great Place - but requires some effort on the part of the guest	My wife and I just returned from spending our first anniversary at the Auberge du Vieux-Port. We booked a 2 night &quot;Romantic Package&quot; that included a King sized bed, jacuzzi tub, one-hour massages for each of us, and a 5 course meal in the hotel restaurant. We enjoyed the room very much - the bed was very comfortable, and the room was well appointed, without being overly decorated. Exposed brick and hardwood floors made for nice ambience.Any guest at the hotel gets a full breakfast, and wine and cheese at the wine bar in the evenings. We very much enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evenings, and the service of the wine bar was quite good.The breakfasts, however, left something to be desired. The first morning, our server forgot to bring the sides of bacon and sausage that were included with the meal, and the roasted potatoes that accompanied our omelettes were cold. The second morning, my french toast failed to appear altogether, and after I reminded the server of my order, it showed up having obviously sat in the kitchen for some time. Finally, I would advise being prepared to spend a bit of time working out some glitches with the front desk/concierge staff. They booked the reservations for the wrong day, but I caught the error on the invoice prior to our trip. Twice they bungled our massage appointments, and we spent quite awhile sitting at the front desk waiting for the concierge to get things sorted out to our satisfaction. They did leave a bottle of wine in our room for the trouble.The dinner that came was part of the romantic package was very good. It's definitely for the more adventurous (or experienced ) diner, but my wife and I enjoyed the food and the service quite a bit.Overall, a nice hotel that made for a good stay in montreal, but things could have run quite a bit smoother.	
Aug 7 2006 	Loved the Auberge du Vieux Port	Great location, great service, great value. Our stay at this delightful hotel was made even better by the outstanding staff. The concierge service providers love their work and provide excellent tips for restaurants, site seeing, and special events. Phillipe was particularly helpful to us throughout our stay even managing to get us a roof top seat for the popular fireworks display on Wednesdays. Rooms were beautiful - exposed brick, wooden rafters, hard wood floors, and windows with seating areas. Our room faced the park and St. Lawernce Seaway and provided us with a beautiful view. The daily breakfast was delicious and included eggs made to order, waffles, fresh fruit and juice and was available in the beautiful reception area / lounge portion of the hotel. Service in the lounge, restaurant, and hotel was excellent. I would certainly return to this property on a future visit.	
Jul 6 2006	good in a quirky way	We spent two nights here. Rates include full breakfast, a glass of wine between 5 and 7pm, and wireless internet. The location is perfect in Old Montreal; you can walk to a lot of things yet the area is quiet at night. The bedroom is large, the windows open, the king-sized bed is very cozy (positives); the floor slopes noticeably in room 506, which is annoyingly within earshot of the metal stairway to the rooftop terrace restaurant (negatives). Staff were all friendly and hospitable.	
Jun 18 2006	This is a terrific hotel.	It has everything. Tremendous charm (thick granite walls, huge windows, beamed ceilings, hardwood floors, wrought iron beds), helpful, friendly staff, great restaurant on site, perfect location in the heart of old Montreal. Breakfasts were very good. The omelettes were thin crepes with fillings - a bit different from ususal omelettes. I can not think of one thing that could be improved, except that the front desk volunteered to send in our GST refund forms electronically and never mentioned that it was a commercial service that keeps 20% as a service charge. I thought it was a government internet site that would just do the refund for free - as when it is mailed in. Oh well--- that helpfulness was not a plus.....Other than that, one terrific experience. My family would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 6 2006	I would recommend this quaint hotel	The Auberge du Vieux-Port was a great place to stay. We would stay there again! Their strong point was the friendliness of the staff. It’s in a good location to see the old town part of Montreal. The room we stayed in was on the side of the hotel on the 3rd floor and we found it a little noisy from the street traffic below. If you plan on staying out late, this won’t bother you. The rooms were nice, with old beams in the walls and ceiling. The furniture was modern hotel furniture (no antiques). We paid apx. $275 a night for 2 adults.We were given a full menu breakfast (or a food bar) for free each morning. The breakfast was very good. We had a variety of breakfasts the 3 days we were there, and we were pleased with every bit of it. Evenings we were offered free wine and cheese. This was a welcome touch. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 24 2006	Neat find!	Neat location on the front facing the port. We had a room overlooking the port so we'd open the windows and let the fresh air in, hear the noises from the street below and relax.Quirky rooms - nothing had a right angle! which in part is what made it neat. Bathroom was a decent size (the shower was tight). The room itself was plenty large enough and quite comfortable. Not modern but more importantly not dated. It was exceptionally clean.Breakfast was nice. We had dinner in Les Ramparts which was OK. It was a little too quiet and hence lacked some atmosphere. Had wine and cheese every night which was basic but their reception area/breakfast/wine bar is cute so neat to hang out and look out and watch the traffic...Service was exceptional! They actually care whether you have a good time (a rare thing nowadays).Would stay there again.....	
Apr 10 2006	Simply the BEST!	I can not say enough about this hotel! Our stay was fanatastic and the location could not be better. The staff were very helpful and looked after our every need (especially Evelyn at the front desk). We arrived tired and a little grumpy after being stuck in traffic for hours, but once we arrived the staff took care of our car. We arrived at happy hour and decided to get a snack while Evelyn got us dinner reservation at a steak house a few blocks away. He had drinks and great appetizers in the bar.We got to our room and it was better then the website could have ever lead us to believe. The rooms are spacious, beautiful and very clean. The windows look out onto the streets of the Vieux Port and give a wonderful feel of Old Montreal. The bathrooms are large and have jacuzzi tubs. The beds are so comfortable I didn't want to go home. This really is a great hotel that makes a stay in Montreal perfect!	
Mar 13 2006	Absolutely the best	We were guests at the Auberge du Vieux Port November 2005. The room was exactly what we were hoping it would be and more. Very cozy, brick, wood floors, a beautiful view of the river from large windows, and a large bathroom. We looked forward to returning to our room each afternoon and evening. The amenities were also very nice. The complimentary made to order breakfast was fabulous as was the complimentary wine and local cheese in the evening. The staff were extremely helpful. The location was also great - right in the heart of the old port area within walking distance of a wide choice of restaurants.	
Jan 19 2006	A hidden jewel!	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful weekend at Auberge du Vieux Port. Everything was just perfect, just as we expected. Staff was welcoming, friendly and knowledgeable, always eager to assist us. Room had an intimate, romantic feel and our dinner in the hotel's restaurant Ramparts was our best dining experience ever. We will definitely stay here again and recommend it to all!	
Dec 18 2005	Wonderful Stay	My family just returned from a pre-Christmas weekend at the Auberge du Viex Port in Montreal. The room was beautiful and the beds were extremely comfortable. The best part was the exceptional attitude of the staff. They made sure we had recommendations of where to go and suggestions for dinner. They were friendly and gracious. One evening, the desk man even sought us out to make sure we knew there were fireworks over the river that night. When we arrived, we asked for additional robes and they were delivered within 15 minutes. This is a place we will return to. The Rue St Paul side was noisy at night- but quieter than many large cities we have visited. The location is excellent and everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. Our experience at The Auberge made our first trip to Montreal quite a delight.	
Nov 20 2005	can't say enough!!!	Just returned from a 3 nite stay at the Auberge du Vieux-Port.We were greeted at the door by name at 11 p.m. at night Our room was immaculate and more than charming. Roses on our bed,chocolates beside the bed. Breakfast in bed the next morning(breakfast is included in your stay an extra 5$ is charged for in room delivery)delivered in less than 10 min. from the call. All done with a smile and a very accomodating staff. Hats off to Matthew who parked our car delivered it to us at the appointed time with seat warmer on for me and car heated up inside along with carrying all my chrismas shopping bags...He even remembered which car was ours A wonderful spot to experience Old Montreal and only a short taxi ride away to downtown. A must to experience!!!!	
Nov 2 2005	Romantic. Beautiful. Amazing all around!!	My wife and I spent our first wedding anniversary in this wonderfully charming hotel. Our room was unlike anything we'd stayed in before; this is no plain Jane Hilton or Sheraton room. Between the warm, inviting and well-appointed room, the professional and attentive hotel staff and the great location, the Auberge du Vieux-Port has it all. It's unfortunate that some users have had such a rough experience, because we absolutely loved our experience at this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 20 2005	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed at....	If you are going to spend any amount of time in Montreal, be it on business, or for pleasure, you need to stay in this hotel. The location is amazing, as there is not another hotel in the city located so closely to the water. You overlook a cobblestone street which runs parallel to the water, and you are the foot of the Old City, so all the sights are within a minutes walking distance. Aside from the location, what makes this a truly special place is the service. We were attended to from the moment we walked in the door (before that even, as the valet (alexandre) was there to great us at the curb), to the moment we left, every need was taken care of. It is a small hotel, but the rooms are huge, beautiful, and very clean (not to mention windows which actaully OPEN), and the staff is as knowledgeable and accomodating as any larger hotel in the city, if not more so.You must stay here, you simply must. Les Remparts, the restaurant, was o.k. not great, and VERY expensive for what you get, so I might suggest trying something else, but aside from that, it's the perfect hotel for your stay in this lovely city.We will return.	
Oct 18 2005	The Inn the people the food the location: Awesome!	The inn is housed in an old building with lots of brick, stone and bear beams. The rooms are lovely, old world blended with modern comforts. Ours overlooked the river and had large panoramic windows. Found the bathroom very spacious with exceptional toileteries. All staff were polite and helpful. Very knowledgeable sommelier. The food was amazing:most luxurious part of stay. Breakfast was very good but dinner out of this world, high end french cuisine. The wine and cheese cocktail, a nice touch to our stay.Location was ideal, away from the hustle and bustle of downtown. Overall, one of my best hotel experiences. Absolutely no complaints for me. Will definitely stay here again!	
Oct 3 2005	Worst hotel service I have ever experienced	I didn't stay. They didn't have my room, so they talked me into a supposedly &quot;better&quot; room at a cheaper rate since it only had one bed and we had reserved a room with two beds. Better? The bed was in a loft space I'm too tall to walk in, and the smelly Motel 6 in Hollywood had cleaner bathrooms than this place. There was a nasty, mildew covered shower in place of the jacuzzi tub the room I reserved had, and this was all up several steep flights of stairs a few blocks from the hotel. And not only was I offered no apologies for them not having my room, but they tried to blame it on me, telling me I had booked the room for an earlier date and was a no-show. Too bad for them I had my confirmation email as proof. Too bad for me I'm still dealing with the paperwork disputing the no-show charge to my credit card. They treated me like dirt. I'm young, but I travel a lot both for work and for fun. I've seen everything from excellent customer service (the Gaylord Opreyland hotel in Nashville treated me like a queen) to non-existent service (Motel 6). I'd take a Motel 6 over the Auberge du Vieux-Port anyday. Then it'd only be $50 to dispute on my credit card instead of $250. And the bathroom would be cleaner (yes, it was that bad).	
Sep 28 2005	Wonderful!!	Just returned from a 4 night stay at this property. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Our room faced the river and was beautifully furnished.The accomodations were great. We really enjoyed the jacuzzi and toiletries that were provided.The daily breakfast was good. Service a little lax..more a matter of not quite knowing who the server for your table was. Nightly wine and cheese was another plus. We had dinner at Les Remparts one evening and the waitstaff was excellent as was the food and service.The location of the hotel was convenient to the metro and Old Port.We will return again.	
Sep 12 2005	Lots of Personality with a view	Enjoyed this hotel very much. It is right in the old port area (near everything). The room was lovely with a huge bed and nice linens. The bathroom was one of the nicest bathrooms of any hotel I've stayed in (nice whirlpool bath too). The breakfasts were nice too. The only complaint I would have was the noise. We were on the 4th floor with a view of the port and the park area in front was a bit loud. We used our earplugs a couple of times but would still recommend this hotel.	
Sep 12 2005	Very Romantic	My husband and I stayed at Auburge du Vieux-Port for our 3rd anniversary and loved the accomodations and the staff. The rooms are so unique and charming. We happened to have a room with a view of the Saint Lawrence River and were very pleased with what we got for the price. The staff was exceptionally friendly and accomodating and more than willing to help with any suggestions for things to do in the Montreal area. My only small complaint is the road noise. My recommendation would be to get a room that is not directly on the street as the road noise is a bit loud and we awoke a few times to the sound of the train. Otherwise, this is one of the nicest, most romantic hotels we have ever stayed in.	
Sep 6 2005	Prententious and Overpriced	We have very little good to say about this dinghy over priced prententious hotel.Arriving at 3.45 p.m. after a long flight our room was not ready until 5 p.m. The room was OK in the old French style but could not be compared to other hotels such as Marriot, Best Western for comfort. The TV controls did not work and despite repeated calls were not repaired.The dinner in their restaurant was a disaster, over priced again, small Sea Bass in a pile on the plate, tasted awful.The Wine welcome with cheese was indescribable, the wine was tart and the cheese was crumbled. The service was a joke.Breakfast consisted of two cold fried eggs with lumps of fried potatoes, all luke warm. One guest sent her breakfast back twice before trying to eat it.We complained and was told they were aware of problem. Breakfast next day was better but noticed one coffee jug for twenty persons and that the waiters and waitresses were not skilled in their functions or attentive.The sweet cakes provided were good.The hotel was gloomy and dark, there were always laundry baskets outside our room on first floor which was spacious but overlooked a noisy street.A good point was the free Internet access. Its situation is near to the Port which was full of vagrants and panhandlers. Do not sit on the benches!. The area is not very attractive and there is little to see.We did not enjoy staying here, it was the worst hotel we have ever stayed in having travelled extensively and the staff, embarrased were aware of it.We found the receptionists very helpful arranging tickets to theatre and giving directions however, that is what they are paid to do.Cannot be recommended and we left Montreal a day earlier being very disappointed that this hotel charged more and gave less than the Freemont in Victoria or the Pan Pacific in Vancouver	
Sep 5 2005	Complete Relaxation in Pleasant Surroundings	We stayed here over the Labor Day weekend and completely relaxed. The room on the fourth floor was completely as pictured (no trick photos), and the bed, while a bit hard for my taste, was made up with lovely crisp linens and a fluffy duvet. The windows even opened wide to let in a nice breeze. We slept and slept--early to bed, late to rise and a nap each day, in between forays into the immediate neighborhood, Old Town Montreal. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night, and it was pricey but quite good (there are plenty of good restaurants nearby in all price ranges) and our waiter was sweet and had an encyclopedic knowledge of wines. We had no complaints about the hotel service, and we were especially pleased with the room's immaculate cleanliness and the promptness of housekeeping while we were out exploring. Truly a welcome and restful getaway. We'll come back to Montreal soon (all that sleeping meant we didn't get to see much), and we will stay here again!	
Aug 25 2005	Simply wonderful	As always I consulted tripadvisor before booking-! We loved this wonderful hotel!The staff were so incredibly helpful and pleasant. For the first night we stayed in one of the loft apartments around the corner-it was HUGE. Very tastefully decorated, fireplace, complete kitchen ,unbelievably comfy bed. Yes it is up three floors but the stairs just helped work off all those extra calories.Unfortunately, the next morning my daughter broke her foot. The staff could not have been more helpful- they moved us to another room in the main hotel near the elevator and treated her so kindly. I would not hesitate to stay here-the location is superb, the rooms are gorgeous and the staff outstanding!!	
Aug 22 2005	had a great time -	Wonderful place to stay - a little noisy but if you stay in the center of it all - you better expect it. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. A definite recommendation	
Aug 22 2005	Impeccable service!	I'm really surprised at the negative comments this hotel has received.We stayed here for 1 night as part of a 3-week honeymoon and despite spending in excess of £500 per night in some hotels, I have to say that the levels of service we received here were possibly the best of the whole holiday!Given we only stayed for 1 night I did wonder whether they would offer anything complimentary for our honeymoon. I rang the hotel a few weeks before arriving and even the guy on the phone couldn't do enough to help us - this gave me a good feeling even before we got there.We arrived in our room to find a bottle of champagne and some chocolates - and they were indeed complimentary.All the staff were extremely helpful and gave lots of advice on were to go in the city.I can't say enough about this hotel and would highly recommend a visit.	
Aug 6 2005	Nice situation shame about the service!	We booked this some months ago based on the fabulous reviews on tripadvisor at that time. We agree that the location is great, rooms spacious, nice big bathroom and shower, bed really comfortable, and breakfast and ( a glass) of wine and cheese thrown in a bonus. All as you would expect given the prices. At floor 4 we overlooked A/C units on adjacent rooftops, so I wouldn't suggest paying too much extra for &quot;a view&quot;. The real downside in our view was the lack of service that other guests (and the visitors' book on public display) seem to rave about. We first noted this in the Terasse at lunch - overpriced and limited food on offer; service very slow; and the rice on the &quot;prawn and rice&quot; dish failed to materialise. When questioned we were told the menu was inaccurate, i.e. 50% of the dish no longer existed- no apologies, no offer of a refund. One of our rooms wasn't ready until 4 pm- again no apology offered, despite check in being 3 pm. We encountered the same indifference when we ordered a bottle of (overpriced) wine on the hotel's street terrasse - when we eventually got the waiter's attention, he asked if we were sitting there waiting for a taxi! Wine appeared eventually and served very grudgingly, no further sign of the waiter so we had to pour refills ourselves, until he brought the bill (not requested, who knows, we may have wanted to order another bottle?!), where he overcharged us on the already inflated price- no apology was offered when we pointed this out. And whilst there were always staff lurking with walkie talkies in the (dark and dingy) reception area, they never onced offered to open the door for us, so we still have no idea of their function! The other annoyance if you're on a top floor is the fact there is only one lift, that also serves to carry staff and food up to the top floor restaurant, so when it does eventually appear, it is often too full of staff for you to get in - and of course, they don't offer to take the stairs to allow guests to travel up and down. So if you do stay here, we'd recommend doing your dining and drinking off-site and maybe also stay elsewhere, until the staff remember that they are there to serve the hotel guests, rather than decorate the place and chat to one another.	
Aug 4 2005	I'd LIVE in this hotel if I could	My husband and I stayed at the Auberge du Vieux Port for 2 nights in late July and agree that this hotel provided us with one of the greatest rooms and experiences we've ever had in a hotel.Excellent location. Extremely helpful, friendly, personable staff. Upon check in the woman at the front desk took out a map and indicated our present location and then took her time circling numerous sites of possible interest. Very generous breakfast including eggs, fruit salad, yogurt. Just as generous complimentary wine and cheese in the evening. Great rooftop bar/restaurant with fine views.BEAUTIFUL, decadent room: bright, spacious, brick, king bed, hard wood floors -- urban, sophistocated, elegant, yet tout à fait comfortable. Windows that open to the street as music wafts through the air. Or close the windows and select your own music for the cd player provided. Relax in the jacuzzi tub with the Auberge's quality bath salts and powerful jets. Turn down service includes not only chocolates on the pillow but also the weather forecast for the next day.Two recommendations both in walking distance of the hotel: the restaurant &quot;Modavie&quot; -- great wine and live music with dinner. Also check out &quot;Jardin Nelson&quot; for some quality jazz outdoors and an after dinner drink.I should mention the two small negative experiences at the Auberge. Our room was not ready for us at check in time. We went to the rooftop bar and had drinks (not comped) and returned an hour later to the front desk. Still not ready and still nothing offered for our trouble. In 10 minutes the room was finally available. Also, one morning I ordered a hot chocolate with breakfast that was divine. I assumed it was a usual beverage choice such as coffee or tea that is included. No. I was told afterwards that I had to pay for it. Not a huge deal, but I thought a bit out of the ordinary.Nevertheless, I would recommend this hotel 100%. My husband and I loved Montreal and would return to the Auberge in a heart beat.	
Jul 29 2005	World Class Hotel With Warmth!	My husband, teenage son and I just returned from five nights at this wonderful Hotel. We had two connecting rooms on the third floor overlooking the Saint Lawrence River. When we arrived exhausted after a long drive, they were warm and welcoming and quickly helped us get settled in our rooms. When we ordered room service from the Restaurant, they brought an extra table and set up our elegant and delicious dinner for us. Our King Size bed was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in other than ours at home. The jacuzzi was deep and comfortable. The rooms were even more beautiful and spacious than they appeared on their website. It was so nice to have a CD Player in our rooms and to be able to choose CDs from the Hotel's own collection.The full breakfast was excellent with many choices including omelettes, croissants and other pastries. In addition to Les Ramparts in the Hotel, there are several good restaurants within a few blocks of the Hotel including a little cafe (L'Intrigue) specializing in seafood, mussels and &quot;frites&quot; which is a 1/2 block from the Hotel (out the front door and to the right).All staff members were friendly and helpful yet low key. We have stayed in Hotels around the world and it will be difficult to be satisfied with anything less after having experienced the Auberge du Vieux-Port!	
Jul 29 2005	great but noisy	Charming hotel but can be very noisy on the weekends. The rooms facing away from the water had the late bar crowd. Could not sleep that evening. Sunday quieted down substantially. Staff was very friendly and helpful with planning activities for children.	
Jul 10 2005	Think twice before staying here!	My family and I stayed at the Auberge for 4 nights beginning June 30th, it was our second time at the hotel since 2 years ago. The services and standards of the hotel have dropped tremendously. Quite disappointing. From the moment of our arrival, the hotels services were in disarray. First, they did not have any bellman to help us with our luggage, we were a family of 4 and were staying in one of their so-called lofts. There were no elevators yet were promised a loft on the first floor. To our surprise, we were 3 floors up! If we would have known, we would never have stayed here. The loft was missing towels and the air condition was not working. Management told us we would have to wait till the next day before it was fixed, it was fixed the day before our departure! For the first 2 days, no one came to clean the room so I made a complaint and the general manager came to make my bed! This should not happen in a good hotel.The staff at the hotel were friendly yet seemed as if they did not want to be there. I asked for some activities for my girls and was told always the same thing....the jazz festival. It was nice but not everyday!!! Recommendations for restaurants were so-so. The staff always chose restaurants that belong to the same owners..as if trained to repeat the same thing. We decided to chose our own restaurants because Montreal is blessed with great restaurants. The staff lacked knowledgable recommendations.We ate at Les Remparts one evening, food was excellent but service was terrible. The staff seemed as if they were all on their first day! Breakfast was very good and morning staff very friendly.All in all, it was not a memorable stay in Montreal. Would I stay there again...NO. Would I recommend it to a friend...sure if I want my friend to waste his money. There are many good hotels in Montreal and this one seems to be lowering their standards.	
Jul 1 2005	Great for Couples but not for small children...	The hotel and rooms are beautiful and it would be a lovely place to stay for a couple but is not to be recommended for travellers with an infant or child.The steps leading up to the hotel are steep and assistance is required with a pushchair. The staff there have no experience of children and no facilities, I asked for a highchair and it only materialised once, so it was a bit of a struggle.We asked for advice on where to go and activities with an infant but staff were clueless. We checked out a day early in the end.Food was average and expensive and wine was astronomical.	
Jun 28 2005	Comfortable historic hotel in Montreal's Old Port	I stayed at Auberge du Vieux Port for four nights over Memorial Day. The hotel is in a lovely stone historical building that was once a saddle company. It overlooks the cobblestone, Rue de la Commune, which is the main drag of the Old Port and is packed with tourists day and night. We were on the third floor and the noise was quite loud, particularly in early afternoon when tour buses would idle outside the hotel waiting for their passengers. Our room had two sets of huge French windows, and while we could have shut them to dampen the noise, the weather was beautiful and it seemed a shame not to have the windows opened wide. The room was of regular size--not as large as I would have liked given the price, but the bathroom was massive and included a two person whirlpool tub and seperate shower. The complementary toiletries were the nicest I've seen and were restocked daily. The complementary breakfast was to die for---melt in your mouth fresh pastries along with a hot item from the menu (the crepes were divine!) and the best hotel coffee I have ever had. Dinner at Les Ramparts in the hotel was a bit stuffy and expensive with somewhat spotty service. There are much less expensive restaurants in the area with better service and comparable quality of food. The hotel staff was very helpful and although English was sometimes an issue, they were never haughty or rude as some other Quebecoix we met during our stay.	
May 12 2005	What a wonderful place!	We loved this hotel. Stayed in a room with a waterfront view (a must) where the tall windows open, letting in fresh air and allowing you to sit at the window, put your feet on the low sill, sip wine, listen to music on the in-room CD, and watch the water and the activity in the waterfront park below. The food in the hotel's restaurant, Les Ramparts, was excellent, and all the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Everything in Old Montreal is within walking distance. You can't go wrong here. Enjoy!	
May 6 2005	Read me I won't disappoint	I recently stayed at the Auberge du Viex Port with my wife and absolutely adored it. Apart from some noise of the construction of the new bar and lounge, you don't need to worry about that because it was almost finished on our departure, the weekend was perfect! I made our rsvp only a week before and was treated like an old friend by the concierge. I explained to him about my idea for a romantic getaway, and he explained all rates and types of rooms. Because of short notice, I had to switch rooms during our stay. As the concierge explained, not much of a hassle, we prepared our bags in the morning, the valets took our bags and moved everything while we were out. We just picked up the key at the reception when we got back. It gave us a chance to experience both views of the hotel! They both have their own beauty. Anyways, check in was informative and efficient, and when we entered the room, my wife was shocked to see a flower arrangemnet. (concierge's idea!) She fell in love again! That evening, supper was downstairs in their french restaurant, Magnifique! It was wonderful! The concierge also arranged for a horse drawn carriage to pick us up after supper and take a tour of the old city. It was cold!!! But romantic. We had smoked salmon for breakfast, (great menu) included in the rate of the room.Overall the weekend was fabulos, from the service to the room, Thank you Eric, Russ, Hugo,&amp; Brian. Reccommendations 10 x YES!	
Apr 28 2005	Very charming	I stayed here the for 3 nights in one of the queen rooms and it was very charming. The building is old but it has been restored very nicely and keeps its character. The rooms are big, with wood floors and high ceilings and I love how the walls have some exposed brick. You feel like you are in the 1800s when you are staying here. Aside from the rooms, the hotel is rather small - especially the lobby and the service is not great, but it is fine. There is a nice view from the rooftop bar (but I understand it is only open seasonally). The location is fantastic, right on the main street in the Old Port area of Montreal. You can walk to many restaurants and along the river or just stroll around the Old Town. I actually proposed to my wife just outside the hotel. It was very romantic and she loved it. The only drawback is you have to walk several blocks to get to the subway or take a cab to get to downtown Montreal.	
Mar 14 2005	Auberge du Vieux-Port - a very nice place to stay!	Stayed at the Auberge for a couple of days at the start of March on the strength of previous Trip Advisor reviews. Must say I wasn't disappointed. The staff were really friendly and helpful, the room was spacious and we loved the huge bed, wooden floorboards, exposed bricks and beams. The wine and cheese each evening were a nice touch, the breakfast was just right. Perfectly located for exploring the old town and only 10 minutes walk to the metro station. Would recommend a stay.	
Feb 14 2005	Phenomenal Rooms romance romance and romance!	My wife and I drove up from NJ to spend Valentines weekend at the Auberge du Vieux-Port. I found the hotel online and thought I'd take a chance. The hotel's strength is its rooms. We had a king room facing the river and it was absolutely amazing. The room features: a ceiling that is a good 15 or 20ft high w/ huge exposed beams, enormous floor to ceiling windows, and gorgeous wood trim around everything. The bathroom has a stand up shower as well as a large Jacuzzi tub. It really was a perfect room for a romantic weekend. The staff at the Auberge du Vieux-Port was great - very friendly and helpful and in once instance even refused a well-earned tip. They own a few other hotels and restaurants in the area and have an obvious incentive to send you to their other properties when you ask for restaurant advice - just something to keep in mind. Their other properties seemed wonderful as well. You can walk to anything in &quot;Old Montreal&quot;. A taxi downtown will take less than 5 minutes and will cost maybe $8. There are dozens of shops and restaurants within a block or two of the hotel. There is also a fantastic outdoor ice skating rink about 100 yards away. Lastly, there is a restaurant in the basement called something like &quot;Les Remparts&quot; - we bought a package with the hotel that included a 5 course meal at Les Remparts. Wow! We were blown away. It was phenomenal. If you have romance in mind, you will love the Auberge du Vieux-Port. 	
Jan 24 2005	Wonderful but not great location	The hotel, staff, ambience are absolutely wonderful. Fantastic full breakfast. Well worth staying here, unless you are planning to do a lot downtown and use the Metro. The old city is beautiful, lots of great cafes and restaurants, but few shops that are not complete tourist traps. Closest Metro is a 10 minute walk straight uphill. I spent most of the weekend downtown at museums etc. and found the hotel was not conveniently located.	
Dec 31 2004	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I stayed in a street facing room on a top floor overlooking the river. Beautifully appointed room with wireless internet. One of the most confortable beds I have experienced. The staff is extremly conciencious, and the all day car valet for $18 was a real plus (unlimited in and out). The hotels' location makes it very easy to venture out and explore all of Montreal or jump into the car to see the country. Having the restaurant in the basement of hotel made for a convenient and tasteful dining experience. The hotel offers a wine/cheese tasting at 4pm which seemed to work relative to the daily schedule. Overall it was a very pleaseant stay.	
Nov 28 2004	Very good - if you want to stay in Old Montreal	I stayed in one of the lofts at this hotel which provide the space and privacy of your own loft, with the back up of a full service hotel. But be warned, the lofts are in separate buildings to the hotel, and there are no lifts so you will have to walk up a few flights of stairs to get to your loft.There were some minor details in the loft such as a chipped sink and broken desk drawers that the hotel should have identified and dealt with itself. The website also said there would be a DVD player in the room, but there wasn't.Check-in was very efficient. The staff were friendly, but professional. Breakfast was one of the best I've experienced in a hotel, and I wish British hotels (particularly London business hotels) would learn from this.Ultimately, the decision to stay here depends on whether you want to be in Old Montreal. It is an area for tourists rather than locals and you will either find the area very appealing (think French town) or want to avoid the area entirely. For me it was safe and secure and allowed us to walk around the area first thing in the morning before the area becomes very busy with tourists.	
Nov 13 2004	Outstanding	Our two night here with a wonderful Haloween parade were all we wanted and expected. We would return and advise all of our friends to stay a this beautiful hotel with an excellent resturant, and outstand services	
Nov 13 2004	Excellent stay at Auberge du Vieux-Port!	A charming hotel, the Auberge du Vieux Port typifies the warm hospitality you would expect in a small hotel. It was intimate yet private, with first class service and an abundance of amenities. Our tastefully appointed room was spacious, comfy, the perfect place to relax after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. The hotel also houses the Ramparts, one of the best French restos in the town. A true jewel, I highly recommend the hotel to everyone who likes small places.	
Oct 19 2004	Loves Auberge due Vieux-Port Montreal	We spent 3 nights beginning of Oct. at Auberge du Vieux-Port and upon our arrival we knew we chose the right place. They met our taxi and took our bags into this small hotel facing the St. Lawrence, then invited us to go down to their restaurant Ramparts (downstairs) to partake of their evening complimentary wine and cheese for guests (from 5-6 each evening). We needed this..after our long day of travel. While relaxing with our wine, our bags were taken to our room and we 'checked in' after our wine. The rooms (we started first night in a 'loft' room as we arrived on a Sat. and the hotel was full), then moved to the hotel for the next 2 nights. Both rooms were very nice, but the loft wasn't for us ... too many stairs and we like to be situated in the hotel to really enjoy the amenities more easily. The loft, however, would be great for a family as it had a small kitchen and a very large sitting/dining area. The breakfasts were very good -- small buffet of baked goods, fruit, juices, coffee, cereal, plus you can in addition order from the menu. Robes and slippers, stocked bar and old world style furnishings made the rooms/stay so pleasant. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We mainly dealt with David at check-in and when changing rooms....and he was very nice and helpful. They volunteered to make any reservations we wanted. We highly recommend this hotel and especially Old Montreal -- if you want a relaxing, romantic and charming experience - surrounded by good restaurants!! (Bonaparts, Pavarotti are a couple. Didn't get a chance to try Ramparts which is in this hotel). We did alot of walking downtown Monreal on St. Catherines and were glad we didn't choose a hotel there -- location to many restaurants good, but the noise.....rap music playing very loudly -- not for us!!	
Oct 17 2004	fabulous quaint friendly staff	we loved our Oct 3, 3 nite stay, get the rooms that overlook the river, high floor, quieter. large rooms, free high speed wireless internet, tasty free breakfast served in their below ground cellar where they also host a daily free wine/cheese hour. attentive staff, and easy walking distance to all sights, we enjoyed tasty Indian and Polish restaurants nearby, with many choices. loved the Botanical Gardens too, but you'll need car. We'd go back...	
Oct 7 2004	Hotel with a 'wow' factor	We spent three nights at the Auberge in September 04. As an old warehouse, the building may look a bit uninspiring from the outside but the interior makes up with bags of character in abundance. The 1st floor room, with exposed brick walls and quality furnishings was quite special. A really comfortable bed fixed our jet lag. Service was excellent and the CD player with a good choice of CD's was a nice touch. Breakfast in Les Remparts was good and wholesome and always served with a smile.The Auberge is well situated in the old town and easy to find, even for us off a plane and the airport shuttle, followed by a metro and a short walk. There are loads of excellent restaurants close by (restaurant du vieux port is recommended)It's hard to criticise the Auberge - and it does not affect the excellent review- but the noise early in the morning from the cobbled street may worry some (we lived with it because the quality of the room was so good). Someone also commented that you couldn't see out of the dirty windows - that was solved by opening the huge windows to give views of the port.All the same, this place is excellent and recommended.	
Aug 26 2004	Three Night Stay in August	My wife and I stayed at the Auberge the first week of August based on the reviews here and the location. We were put in one of the larger rooms on the 5th floor (towards the port) the first night and in one of the rooms on the other side, 5th floor, the next two nights. The rooms were both large and very nice and the views on both sides were nice as well. I sleep soundly so no problems with noise, plus we stayed up late enjoying the city. The beds were very comfy.I do recommend taking one of the horse carriage tours. Our guide pointed out a lot of the sites to see, cool bars, and good restaurants. Unfortunately, we didn't do that until the last night.The location is great, right in the middle of the old city with lots of things to see and do. A short taxi ride gets you to other sites in the city. We had breakfast each morning which was included in the room. Excellent breakfast. Service was good except one morning when one of the help didn't make it to work.Montreal is a great city; three nights is all you need. It's not Paris, but it's less than 1 hour away from NYC.Definitely would recommend the Auberge.	
Aug 4 2004	Picture Perfect	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for 3 nights at the end of July and loved it. Our room was on the fifth floor of the main building, and we had no noise problems at all. The staff was always helpful and nice, the food was excellent (try the salads on the Terrasse, if you don't mind the wind), and the room was large and well appointed. Nothing beats a nice jacuzzi after a strenous day dining in cafes and strolling. Overall, a wonderful stay with no compalints. I'd stay there again without hesitation, though from some of the other comments on the site, I'd recommend an upper floor in the main building, like we had. You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 31 2004	Ditto to the Atlanta review!!	We stayed for three nights in July,2004 and had virtually the same feelings as the Atanta reviewer. We were on a lower floor(2) so the noise was a little more apparent, but not bothersome at all. The serbice throughout the hotel was excellent, with special mention to Matthew,DavidChristine, Kyle and Marie.P.s For those non-walkers such as us, the valet parking is well worth the additional expense,	
Jul 29 2004	Very nice but noisy	We stayed in the lofts, which are located about 100 yards from the main hotel. It was huge! Over 1000 sq feet. The outer room had a fireplace and TV, full kitchen with brand new equipment and lovely dining area. The bedroom had a comfortable king- sized bed and a large jacuzzi. The bath was slightly smaller, but had a huge modern shower.There were no elevators, so we had to walk up 3 flights of stairs, but it helped burn off those extra calories from desserts.The staff was very friendly and helpful except for one of the concierge members, who seemed not to know much of the city apart from the &quot;usual&quot; spots. The maid service was good. The breakfasts at the hotel each morning were very nice and there was complimentary wine and cheese each afternoon at 5.My only complaint was the noise. Each morning (including the weekend) there was construction noise, garbage collectors, etc outside. The windows must have been very thin because 3 floors up it was enough to awaken you. Also the ceiling transmitted the walking noises from the people above you (the floors are all hardwood without carpetting)Overall, we'd recommend the Auberge, but if the were to do something about the noise, I'd return in a heart beat.	
Jul 24 2004	Wonderful!	We stayed at the Auberge du Vieux-Port for five nights in July 2004. In a word, it is EXCELLENT! We checked in near midnight and were greeted with a wonderful and charming evening concierge. He served us a welcoming glass of wine and the helped us to our room.Our room was on the top floor overlooking the port! Our room was lovely, maybe French Provincial, and not at all overdone! The hardwood floors were authentic and the room had a slight slope to it, which added to the charm. Our sleigh bed was wonderful too! Two walls were completely brick, and were real building walls. The bathroom came with deluxe soaps, bath salts, etc., and two terry robes and two pairs of slippers. We had generous windows, which opened, with which to look out at the port and hear the sounds outside. When these double paned windows were closed, the room was almost soundproof. Although the terrace restaurant was above us, we never heard it. Neither did we hear the elevator, which was adjacent to our room as well.On Saturday evening, we went up to the terrace and watched fireworks, with matching classical music provided by the auberge. The restaurant in which we ate breakfast is a real treat! It serves both a continental and full breakfast. Some of the continental breakfast offerings were croissants, yogurts, cheeses, nectars and juices, fresh fruits, chocolate pastries, and gourmet granolas. Some of the hot breakfast offerings were French toast and crepes served with real Canadian maple syrup, omelets, Canadian smoked salmon, deep fried bacon, gourmet sausages, wonderful ham, delicious fluffy toast, and seasoned potatoes. Everything was fresh and delicious, hot and cold. Although the auberge is lovely, if you must go outside, the auberge is located in the center of Montreal’s old port (vieux-port). The auberge is convenient to all of the old city, including Notre Dame du Montreal, and you can even walk to downtown within 20 minutes.If you choose to stay in the auberge the whole time, that is fine too. The rooms have a high quality stereo (CD and radio), TV and free wireless Internet. The staff was always courteous and frequently engaged us in conversation. We highly recommend the Auberge du Vieux-Port in Montreal.	
Jul 19 2004	wonderful two-night stay	The main part of the hotel is gorgeous, and our room was large and airy...loved the hardwood floors, stone walls, and jacuzzi! There is some noise from the busy streets below, but we were there mid-week and were not bothered in the least. The hotel staff were unpretentious and friendly, the restaurant provides delicious meals... my partner and I were overall delighted! Highly recommended.	
Jul 15 2004	Excellent	The Auberge is an excellent small hotel,with a very European feel.Rooms are tastefully furnished, windows open to let in street sounds if you like, attentive service, and complimentary full breakfast .	
Jul 13 2004	Excellent Hotel...	I just returned from an excellent stay at this wonderful hotel. &quot;Auberge&quot; means &quot;country inn&quot; in french and that is the feel you'll get when staying here ... even though the hotel is centrally located in the tourist friendly Old Port area of Montreal between cobblestone streets. O.K., so here are my observations. The room was excellent. Very comfortable beds and pillows. The hardwood floor was a nice touch and the room was very clean. In fact, we arrived back to our room early one day and found the maid wet mopping the floor. We also enjoyed the jacuzzi bath. Our room faced Rue St. Paul in the back of the hotel, fourth floor (I requested a quiet room with two beds). For the most part it was quiet with the exception of our first night (a Saturday) ... some club/restaurant, or maybe it was a band at the nearby plaza, was playing music until late (the bars close at 3 a.m.). The hotel is VERY centrally located to everything, including the Metro. No car is necessary to see all of Montreal. Also, the staff were excellent ... always very courteous, helpful, and friendly. And the resturant in the cellar is also excellent. We particularly enjoyed the breakfasts each morning (included in the price) and the dinner we had there was truly wonderful. The bottom line is that if you're visiting Montreal as a tourist destination, stay at this hotel! You will not be disappointed.	
Jul 10 2004	Run! Don't Walk-- Away from this hotel!!!	It may sound romantic but be advised that a stay in this hotel is anything but....unless you like streets jammed shoulder to shoulder with bad b.o. smelling tourists, souvenir shops, overpriced &amp; LOUSY restaurants that prey upon tourists, construction noise, freight train at 4am. hotel lofts are many stairs up, dirty&amp;dusty, miserable maid service, and cockroaches. plus, no amenities. need i say more?	
Jul 7 2004	Hell in auberge lofts and old Montreal!!!!	we had not been to montreal for over a decade and were looking forward to our trip this summer (2004). were we ever disappointed!!!! stay away from the lofts offered by the hotel, even though they look AND SOUND cool in the online photos and in the pitch the hotel will give you when you call. more importantly, DO NOT stay in old montreal -- unless you like tee shirt and souvenir shops and enjoy being surrounded by &quot;millions&quot; of tourists (mainly blue collar canadian familes and their kids), the freight train that rolls through in the predawn hours, bums sleeping on all the park benches, beggars, and the deafening sound of construction. Worse still are the sucker bait restaurants in Old Montreal that offer EXPENSIVE sub par and uninteresting meals -- steak and fish etc. A decade or so ago Old Montreal made for an interesting half-day stroll. but in that decade, the properties have been bought up by shrewd entrepreneurs (greeks) and turned into a Times square of sorts. it will become the vacation from hell if you stay in the hotel's lofts. you must walk up flights of stairs -- tenement-style...maid service is lousy, rooms are dusty, lip imprints on glasses, roaches in the kitchen. They say wireless internet but that's only in the main hotel, not the lofts. Everyone working for the hotel uses the stupid cliche 'no problem&quot; whenever you ask and then BEG for services you normally expect when you stay in a hotel that charges these premium rates. we're shocked by the rave reviews for this hotel and wonder whether management is using shills...because the place is a disaster. montreal is a walking town, which is wonderful. but the last thing you need at the end of the day are several flights of stairs facing you. moreover, by the end of the day you want great restaurants a reasonable walking or cab distance away. this does NOT exist here. unless you want the environment of low class carnival -- old montreal, and horrible accomodations (the lofts) do yourself a favor and stay in a luxury high-rise hotel with all the ameneties close to the higher-class down town shopping areas (sherbrooke, for example) and the better restaurants.ps -- if you are driving from the u.s. DO NOT travel on a canadian or u.s. holiday...we had to wait in a 10 mile back up of cars for THREE HOURS!!! to get through canadian customs.	
Jul 5 2004	Honeymoon Spot	We stayed here for a week on our honeymoon.After looking at several inns on the web we settled on this one. We were not disappointed. The room was very well appointed and clean. The bathroom - with shower and jacuzzi, was a romantic and welcome touch afer long days on walking tours. Great to soak and relax. The breakfasts were excellent and the wine and cheese a nice way to end the day and whet your appetite for dinner out. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room had a CD player, iron/ironing board,TV and mini-fridge too. The huge terry robes were a nice touch.Yes, the rooms can be noisey (at least on the Rue St. Paul side) in the morning w/ deliveries. You're in the city - get over it.However, you can sit in the window seat and listen to street muscians, watch people go by and see the night city lights in this vibrant section of Montreal. Many restaurants are within waking distance, as is the Pavillion Jacque Cartier and the water front. We were there during Celefete and for Canada Day - the beginnning of the Montreal Jazz Festival. Lots to do and see. The inn is close to two metro stations as well. Next time we drive. We can not recommend taking Amtrak. Looking for a romantic pace to stay for your honeymoon? We suggest Auberge du Vieux Port.	
Jun 1 2004	The people location food.....heaven!	Forget the rumors of rude and unfriendly, our long weekend at the Auberge (May 27-30) was wonderful. From the moment the taxi pulled up, we were treated like royalty. Matthew, &amp; Doug (?) were wonderful. The street noise is there, but you wouldn't give up the sunrise over the river for the quiet. Breakfast was huge and delicious--Doris makes sure of that. Old Montreal is full of life and ambience. Truly a wonderful experience. When was the last or first time you bought the pillows when you left? 	
May 25 2004	Most Romantic Stay	I visited Auberge du Vieux-Port in May of 2004. It was a wonderful experience. It’s great to sit at the window with a glass of Champaign and watch people waking in the Old Montreal. Service was exceptional and wine and cheese afternoon break reminded me of Paris. The oversized windows just gave an additional charm to the rustic feeling of the room.	
Mar 5 2004	It was great !	My wife and I stayed at the Auberge du vieux-port for 4 nights. We found the staff to be very friendly and attentive and the breakfasts were great. We also enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese tastings. We found the room to be very good, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom modern and clean. We had some noise from the street outside (our room faced the street and the roads are cobblestone) but we slept wonderfully. I don't know why the complaint about the lobby in the hotel being small ?? How much time are you going to spend in the lobby?? We also did not get any smell of burnt onions or any other foods from the restaurant. I found the hotel to be very central in Old Montreal, we walked almost everywhere and there is a metro station about 3 blocks away. We had a wonderful dinner at the Mondvie, got a table right by the band and next to a window (without even asking for it). The food was delicious and the band was great. When we go back to Montreal we will stay at the Vieux-port again.	
Dec 31 2003	Run Don't Walk To This Charming Hotel	My husband and I took advantage of Auberge du Vieux-Port Jazz weekend. What a fabulous take this is. The rooms are charming, the staff the most pleasant we have encountered in a long time, the breakfasts (included) sumptuous. But not to be missed is dinner at their famous restaurant - Les Remparts - and dinner and an evening of jazz at their jazz restaurant Modavie. The location is perfect for exploring art galleries, museums, boutiques - all on a winter's day. And to get oriented for those who have never been to this charming area of Montreal, take a horse-drawn carriage ride around the neighborhood. Make your reservations now for a fabulous weekend get-away.	
Nov 29 2003	Simply Marvellous!	Charming, clean and spacious room with antique looking furniture yet equipped with all modern amenities (CD player, safe, jacuzzi, Frette towels and robes...) Staff is very attentive and &quot;real&quot;. Dinner at the restaurant is a must. This little gem lives up to its reputation. Woudn't stay anywhere else in Montreal.	
Nov 22 2003	A Delicious Experience!	The Auberge is wonderful and the restaurant is exceptional-romantic and delicious! We had a wonderful time. Stay here.	
Sep 17 2003	Our experience was tres bien!	A recent visit to Montreal included a stay at this wonderfully warm and friendly establishment.We found the rooms to be comfortable, well furnished and quite beautiful, the views from the open floor to ceiling windows breath taking and the food at Les Ramparts exceptional.The accomodating and extremely friendly staff combined with everything else about this fine establishment, made our visit one to remember.We highly recommend a night at Auberge du Vieux-Port!T.L.	
Aug 15 2003	'a little gem in the heart of old Montreal'	A wonderful discovery in a delightful, vibrant location. Staff were very friendly and courteous at all times and offered helpful advice whenever we asked about local restaurants, etc. This is a small hotel with excellent accomodation and no pretentious staff. Bigggest bathroom and bedroom we had encountered throughout our three week holiday in Canada and we had been to Calgary, Rockies, Vancouver, and Quebec staying in 4/5 star hotels. (So great to have a separate and large shower at last and not one over the bath!) We were on the fifth floor overlooking St Paul's and there was a little noise but the lovely, very comfortable beds ensured a sound night's sleep. Breakfast was good and it was a nice touch to offer wine and cheese late afternoon - much appreciated after a long day out and before the evening stroll and meal. Small but interesting rooftop bar/cafe, with prompt service. Went to the restaurant one of the evenings and had a very pleasant meal with good service. Would definetly return and hopefully have a view of the river next time. Thanks for a memorable and very comfortable three nights!	
Jul 31 2003	A jewel of a hotel close to everything!	The Auberge du Vieux Port is a true jewel of a hotel in the heart of old Montreal and close to everything! I stayed there with my husband on our honeymoon in December in a great water view room with King Bed, double jacuzzi (and a huge bath), exposed brick walls, hardwiood floors, and a super sound system from the in-room CD player. Returned in March with sister and cousin and stayed in a back room with a rollaway. Room was darker and noisy when the bars closed around 3 am but we all loved the location. This was my third time and I will always stay there when I return to Montreal - summer or winter!	
Jul 20 2003	Romantic 	My family recently spent 3 nights at the auberge. We found the hotel to be charming and romantic. The decor was beautiful and the location was great for people who like to wander, window shop and eat at outdoor cafes. The lobby is a bit small (the lobby at the sister Hotel Nelligan is more impressive) but we found the staff to be geniunely helpful and caring. When we inquired about a particular popular restaurant that we had heard of, the desk clerk not only provided us with helpful infomation but she also offered to make our reservation. The room was huge and well appointed. Walking into the room for the first time, we found a modern JVC CD/radio playing classical music. Nice touch! The bathroom had a jacuzzi &amp; a shower and was stocked with a robe and slippers for each of us. There was a complimentary breakfast (buffet &amp; service) as well as afternoon wine &amp; cheese. The room tended to be noisy in the early morning because of deliveries being made at local businesses but overall we highly recommend the auberge without reservation.	
Jul 14 2003	So So Stay at the AUBERGE		
May 21 2003	Simply wonderfull		
May 6 2003	Good But....		
Apr 15 2003	Exceptional		
Feb 9 2003	Great Hotel in the Historical Center		
Feb 1 2003	Most charming hotel		
Nov 14 2002	A very nice old Inn		
Nov 2 2002	Excellent Inn		
Sep 28 2002	Wonderful Stay		
Sep 19 2001	What a great experience		
Oct 8 2009 	Bel hôtel de charme		
Jul 17 2009 	Idéalement situé et offrant tout le confort pour un séjour en famille mais très bruyant.		
a decent hotel in an interesting part of Delhi	If you are wanting a good basic hotel at a good price offering decent accommodation, inexpensive restaurant, internet access and situate in an old part of the city then the Ajanta does nicely. They offer free transport from the airport (24 hours) which is very handy when you are a first time visitor to India. The onsite Bureau de Change is an added bonus. Street noise can be a slight problem until into the early hours.	
	great hotel true value for money	its a great hotel excellent staff very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean n tidy and very close to public transport will go back to same hotel whenever will be visiting delhi again	
Nov 26 2009 	Overpriced- What a Rip Off	I stayed at Ajanta with my spouse and another relative earlier this month. The hotel is 15 mins by rickshaw to Connaught Place and is on a very busy and interesting street. We booked the family room and were quite astonished that the actual room was nothing like the pics on the hotel website.Those pictures are misleading. We were put in a ugly windowless room which is not up to international standards at all. The bathroom was not impressive also. The night when our relative arrived to join us, we were taken by the Ajanta staff to a hotel at the back of Ajanta and told that we needed to check in again. This was quite confusing and uncalled for. We had to be rude and grab our bags back and walk back to Ajanta''s front building.Like previous travellers who commented on this hotel, we were also offered tour packages. We were told that the price for just a driver from Delhi to Agra and Jaipur and back to Delhi would be £220 for 3 persons. Luckily we decided to visit the Incredible Travel Centre Office in Connaught Place before making any decisions and were shocked to be offered a package of £160 per person for a week trip to Delhi,Agra, Jaipur and Pushkar. This price included all hotels, taxes,driver, breakfast etc. We immediately accepted and checked out of Ajanta the next day never to return for the duration of our trip and I dont think ever to return again. Probably the best thing about this hotel is the restaurant which serves good food;yet it was very pricy compared to other hotel restaurants which had higher standards with cheaper but good food.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . The staff whould also try to make the atmosphere at the hotel relaxed. We felt uncomfortable every time we came to he reception area because staff seemed so distant and unfriendly.	
Nov 23 2009 	value for money	good. user friendly clean hotel. rooms need to be more airy.	
Nov 21 2009 	Don't stay here	Don't stay here. They constantly wanted to sell us tours etc even when we had said that we preferred to make our own plans. My husband was using the internet and was looking at a hotel in another city, when one of the staff came up behind him said &quot;that place has no running water&quot; which was completely untrue, we stayed there and it was beautiful, plenty of running water, clearly the hotel gets a commission from sending people to other hotels which did not include this one and they are prepared to lie to you.. I also had the misfortune to leave my mobile phone in the room when we went away for a day. Luckily I got it back but a call had been made to a number I did not recognise. One day one of the staff knocked on our door saying that we should have checked out by now when we had already pre paid for that night and the following night so they were very disorganised as well. I have never posted a negative review before but I think people need to know what they are getting in for when they stay here. I could go on and on with bad points about this place...	
Nov 20 2009 	Require improvement	Positives:- Close to New Delhi railway station- Above average restaurant. Good value prices. (For dinner only)- Air conditioning works- Service OK. Didn't have much trouble with the tour manager.Negatives:- Website photos are misleading. There were no proper windows in my deluxe room.- Sheets provided not particularly clean- Bathroom not clean (see photos attached), cracks on the bathroom wall- Lift wasn't working on day 2- No hot waterConclusion I paid around INR 3000 per night for a deluxe room, it just didn't feel right. Should have paid less for a budget hotel, or pay more at a quality hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel in not so good area	The pickup from the station was rather badly organised - 1 car for seven people so we had to wait for a second car! Hotel is in the Para gang area of Delhi - not all taxi's rickshaws will go to the area! This is ok as long as you know in advance. But the area is being redeveloped - it had changed enormously in 2 years so this may change.The deluxe rooms are good - large clean and well equiped - but it is rather noisey. The staff are helpful. Breakfast is not included and the attached resturant is slow.	
Nov 10 2009 	Get a Rough Guide to India or Read the Trip Advisor	We started our journey at 4.00am on friday morning...at arrival to New Dehli, plane was delayed an hour....driver was waiting...no problems....reached the hotel at approximately 2.10am - we all were shipped into a small room to check in and also payments for our stay was requested immediately...after sending a number of e-mails for explainations on the rates a price was agreed however we were overcharged - okay payments were made without arguments - we finally went to sleep at 3.30am....my 14year old son was exhausted - next morning at 9.45am - phone rang - office manager wanted to know how we were.....at this point we felt we had to get up and go down. ..10.30am we went downstairs - we hadnt even reached the final step when the office manager greeted us and took us straight into her office to discuss our interniary and what our plans were...at this point, we were still jet-lagged, my son wasnt feeling very well - he also was hungry as well - none of this was taken into consideration...we were bombarded with questions - we had to tell her we need to think about what we want to do - if we asked any questions she would reply and then say I told you so or I have already told you - which confused us more - the service in the breakfast area was very poor - no one explained what breakfast was available....we didnt like Ajanta at all and wouldnt recommend it to anyone - we stayed at a reputable Hotel in Mumbai and the same brand hotel was only x2 doors way, if I had know, I would have rather spent my hard earned money there than Ajanta...we went to Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet reviews however, we felt, because, perhaps we were Indians, we were been exploited in the hotel as well as out...the manager told us not to trust anyone outside yet we felt we couldnt trust anyone in or out...rather take out chances out then in the hotel..we stayed at a number of other different hotels in India and Ajanta was the worst....it was all money, money money, I am in the process of writing a complaint letter to Ajanta Hotel ..I am not expecting a reply...they have our money....they dont need to reply....	
Nov 8 2009 	This hotel is NOT safe for single females!	At the beginning of October my sister, a single female traveller about to arrive in India, called this hotel on two occasions from the UK and requested a room booking for the night of her arrival in Delhi. She spoke to two separate members of staff, both of whom assured her that a room had been reserved for her. She then followed this up with an email to the hotel. She requested an airport pick up, gave her flight details and was assured also that this had been arranged.On arrival at the airport in the early hours of the morning, she found no-one from the hotel waiting to pick her up. On telephoning your hotel to ask about the transfer, she was told that her room had been given away to a party of guests who had arrived and requested a five day stay. The person she spoke to seemed to think it was perfectly reasonable not to honour her reservation merely because a more lucrative booking had presented itself.My sister was thus stranded, alone, in Delhi, in the middle of the night. She was taken to an office of touts by a taxi driver, who forced her to pay a very high price for a five-hour taxi transfer to Rishikesh.I wrote to the hotel and asked for an explanation but no reply has been received. I therefore do not suggest that you stay at this hotel, as it doesn't seem to value customer service or reliability at all.	
Oct 30 2009 	excellent value for money	well run hotel, nice and clean rooms, excellent restaurant, reasonable prices, good location close to New Delhi railway station, its really worth the money.We will chose it again and also recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 30 2009 	the hotel does not honour its commitment	We reserved luxory rooms 4 weeks before arrival, but they didnt have such rooms for us. Other hotels nearby give same kind of rooms and service for half of the price.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel-great location	I travelled to Goa and Agra this year and must say India Rocks. We landed in New Delhi and stayed at Hotel Ajanta. What a great location! Right in the heart of the city. We walked to Connaught Palace-the downtown of Delhi on several occassions. The Hotel on its own was so self sufficient. Room service was good. I personally enjoyed the chicken dish at the Hotel's Restaraunt. The driver of the hotel cab that we took to Agra was friendly and knew a lot about Agra. The Taj mahal was awesome.	
Oct 27 2009 	terrible hotel high price	room dirty and old, water stops, very high price.not recommand	
Oct 20 2009 	Typical Indian exuberance outside helpful staff peace and quiet inside: best of both worlds	I stayed in the Ajanta Hotel in Delhi for several weeks in 2006/2007. It was an unusually enjoyable experience. The hotel is close to New Delhi station, where the special ticket office for tourists is located, and to Main Bazaar, a huge shopping district where everything under the sun can be had. The Ajanta Hotel is in a street which is teeming with typical Indian life, something that genuine travellers usually want to experience, while at the same time offering an oasis of quiet, order and cleanliness, which Westerners also often want in order to recover from the usual Indian exuberance and noise. Staying there therefore gives you the best of both worlds: Indian life and divine chaos on your doorstep, and safety and quiet inside.You could not have the same experience if you stayed in one of the super-expensive luxury hotels, which are located in areas and enclaves which are &quot;sanitised&quot; to such an extent, that no ordinary Indian is allowed in (&quot;no Indian life is here&quot;), and where you might as well be in a similar hotel in New York or London. Apart from the general cleanliness, which is a feature worth stressing in all hotels which do not charge the earth, I found the staff extraordinarily friendly and helpful. This is true of all their reception staff, who soon know you by name, and of the people providing various services, like the cyber café (where the guy in charge went to great lengths to be helpful.Wonderful staff is there to give you advice on anything under the sun: how best to travel to various parts of Delhi, how to avoid being overcharged by taxi drivers, where best to go to for buying specific items, how to cope with the language, and how to solve any other problems you might have. I was impressed by one woman in particular: Take one look at her and you know you can trust her - unlike the many crooks and spivs with whom the tourist is soon surrounded in other parts of Delhi.This is much more than I had the right to expect in any but the most expensive and exclusive hotels. But this one is NOT expensive and NOT exclusive. I noticed that it is used by backpackers, by business people and ordinary tourists alike, young and old, from all nations under the sun, and they all seem to be happy together.The charges are very reasonable by Western standards and for the comfort that is on offer.There is also a restaurant in which splendid cuisine is on provided and which is frequented not only by hotel guests but also attracts people from other parts of Delhi.I am very grateful for having been allowed to stay there and was lucky to have, by sheer accident, discovered this hotel in the first place. I hope these wonderful people, staff and leaders alike, will continue to prosper.Klaus BungBlackburn, UKw: http://tinyurl.com/prtd5ce: klaus@rtc-money.co.uk	
Oct 20 2009 	Feeling very safe as a women travelling alone	This hotel makes you feel very safe in a big city as Delhi is. The pickingup from the airport is reliable and very fast and comfortable. Rooms are big and clean. The best you can get for little money!	
Oct 20 2009 	amazingly friendly and helpful staff a greta value hotel	we stayed at this hotel 5 times during our 6 week holiday to india, it was a perfect stop off when travelling accross the country and was such good value for money that it made sense. You can be guaranteed a clean and quiet room for the night and a superb dinner in the restaurant (although give breakfast a miss). Mrs Ravi in particular was a great help when organising trips to rajistan and she also helped when I had a an ear infection.	
Oct 16 2009 	Terrible hotel	One of the worst hotels i ever stayed in, don't even know where to begin..First they couldn't find my reservation so they put me in a room on ground floorfrom where you can hear people on the street screaming while you are taking a showercause window can't be closed.After when i asked about some restaurants and shopping places, people from hotel saidnothing of that is working but they know very fine place to eat.. Probably some comission deal.I can go on and on...	
Oct 15 2009 	2ND worst hotel I stayed in	I went to India for 2 weeks in Sept. Traveled to Mumbai, Ahmadabad, Jaipur, Jaipur, Agra and Delhi. HOTEL AJANTA WAS THE 2ND WORST HOTEL I STAYED IN! (the winner was Hotel Sheila in Agra)The room charges are excessive for what you actually get. The hotel charge for every little thing i.e. internet access, breakfast etc (almost all hotels i stayed in offer this and more complimentary).The pre-paid taxi is overpriced, the tours they offer is overpriced and they insist on only taking you on the tourist trail i.e. where they want you to go (and this always includes the tourist handicraft shops).The photo's on their website is nothing like what you get. The rooms are dull, most have no windows, some spit stains on the wall.I travel to India twice a year and have been doing so for around 4 years now, my experience is the good hotels won't take payment until you check out; whereas the poor ones always as for full payment in advance (this hotel asks for payment in advance).My advice would be to skip this hotel and pick one of the 20 hotels on the same road. I believe as Hotel Ajanta are in all the guide books their standards have slipped considerably and feel they no longer have to go that extra mile for their guests.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not worth the room rates charged	Stayed here for 2 nights. It was not a very comfortable stay in comparison to the room rates we paid.1) Found the room a bit small -- the double bed occupied the entire space.2) The water pipes were leaking in the bathroom3) The room key did not work one afternoon. So we were stuck outside our room for almost an hour while the carpenter tried to get the door open.4) While checking out, the credit card machine was not working. My husband ran around for 30 minutes in search of an ATM and we paid by cash. So I would suggest others to have enough cash handy during checkout.Good points:1) The drivers associated with the hotel are polite and friendly.2) Near the New Delhi railway station	
Oct 12 2009 	Good comfortable choice for Paharganj	We stayed in a family room (2 adults and 2 kids) and a junior suite (2 adults). A friend of ours checked out all mid-range hotels in the area (in advance) and picked this one for its cleanliness and space. The family room was reasonable. It was a good size with 2 double beds (one of them circular which the kids loved), although without any windows it was a bit musty. The bathroom was OK - about what you would expect from a budget place (clean but old). The junior suite was done nicely with effort made and a better bathroom. The best part about it was it opened out onto a terrace which was great for enjoying a drink in the evening. Our main complaint was that there is a switch for the electricity outside the bedroom and someone came and switch off both rooms in the middle of the night (i.e., so we woke up with no fan / AC and hot!). Overall, Ajanta Hotel is a good choice for this area of Delhi. Just beware that despite its proximity to the railway station it can still take quite a while if you get stuck in traffic!	
Oct 10 2009 	An oasis in Delhi!	For those travelling in a mid-range or budget scheme, the Ajanta is a wonderful suitable option combining reasonable prices with good services regarding to food, connectivity, security and travel assistance - look for Mr Manik at the travel desk! -	
Oct 4 2009 	Very nice hotel and helpful staf	I stayed 6 nights at Ajanta and had a very nice stay. The staff was very helpful and even helped me with Indian simcard to my mobile. The pictures on websites are better than in real, but ex deluxroom are very nice.Arrangement made by the travel agency City capital was excellent.Next time, if there is any, I definitive will stay at Ajanta.Jörgen KjellgrenGothenburg, Sweden	
Oct 3 2009 	Comfortable first stop in India airport pickup a welcomed start	We stayed 10 nights. We booked the accommodation through an online agent with a special offer for airport pickup. Our flight arrived in New Delhi at 3am, and sure enough, the driver was waiting for us with a clearly marked sign. It was a pleasant drive in and made for a good start. Upon arrival and check in we were offered a cup of tea - nice touch. Our room was a semi deluxe, with a large bathroom. Staff were friendly. Guest needs to initiate requests. The hotel is located within walking distance of the New Delhi train station and there are some eating places along the street as well as a hotel restaurant - we suggest the vegetarian meals.	
Oct 2 2009 	My Trusted Hotel since 2000	was back for the 4rth time had a blast in delhi and great 2 days at your place,many diferent people new rooftop nice suite rooms and thanks for giving our upgrade ,my wife and I appreciated every thing the hotel and staff did for us,will be back next year same time .Special thanks to the reception staff for helping us book our flights and tickets onwards.	
Oct 1 2009 	Dishonest staff and misleading photos on website!!	Pretty appalling. Tours salesman pretty nasty and especially so when he found out we booked tours with someone else (better at half the price - try the Tourist Info centre in Connaught Place area - it should be marked on any tourist map - ask for Mustafa). BEWARE - this has a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, The Hotel Delhi City Centre . We originally booked there after looking at the photos on the internet, but the photos were of the Ajanta. The Hotel City Delhi City Centre was a real dump, nothing like the photos and when I challenged the staff they lied to my face several times. I had a look round and had to threaten to leave to get them to move us to the Ajanta. In summary, it's a cheap hotel and we eventually got what we paid for after pushing pretty hard (I'm 6'2&quot; and don't take any crap, so I don't know what they would be like with less assertive people), i.e. fairly clean but quite shabby rooms, noisy aircon etc. My advice is DON'T buy tours there, DON'T touch the mini bar (especially the water) and don't expect too much after seeing the website photos of the rooms!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Not welcoming and first impressions last......	We booked at Hotel Ajanta prior to arrival in India, it had mixed reviews but so did most of the Hotels in Delhi. A plus point for us was the free airport pick-up (which was fine). We got to the Hotel at about 5am after many hours travelling. The staff were unfriendly and after filling out the forms (which we felt they could have done later) they wanted payment up front. When we produced Rupees they wanted to know where we got them from, how much was the rate and if we had the receipt. We pretended we couldn't find the receipt and were a bit shocked at how in our face they had been about it. The room was semi-clean, and it had toilet paper etc, but no hot water. We also had no window in the room, except into the corridor.The worst part of the Hotel was the tour manager at the office downstairs; very pushy and in your face every time we walked in and out of the Hotel. We nearly took one of their tours (naivety showing through) until we met up with a friend (of a friend) in Delhi who told us that the Hotel had been in the papers recently for scamming tourists with the tours.We checked out of the Hotel early in the end, and would not recommend it to anyone. There are much better places to stay, where you don't feel like your are being questioned and under surveillance.	
Sep 26 2009 	Try another one..	Ok the price and pick up service attracts you at first but.....The room was too noisy I thought I was sleeping on the street and you will not find the rooms like the photos on website..Restaurant was terrible. They say not available for everything in the menu except rice and some Indian stuff..Breakfast is so called open buffet but there was nothing at all and you can not order anything else if you need..And do not ever think about arranging a trip with them they literally conned me. When I understood it was too late and they did not even reply my emails.I paid 12000 rupees for a trip which costs maximum 8000 rupees.And they demand for cash. The cashier guy told me that &quot;this is too small money give it in cash&quot; I think India became rich..So I would not recommend to anyone..	
Sep 26 2009 	Decent Hotel	I was a little bit suspicious of Hotel Ajanta, based on some of the reviews on here. However, the hotel was perfectly fine to use as a base to explore Delhi. It was generally clean, the rooms were a decent size and the shower was warm, albeit a little temperamental. The complimentary hotel pickup was very good. The first room we were given was a bit cell like as it was small, had no window and the bathroom looked a bit grubby but after asking, the staff were happy to move us to the slightly bigger room next door where there was a window and a better bathroom.  The hotel was a bit noisy but what can you expect from the location? Staff were freindly to us, and the lobby etc... was clean. The restaurant was fine too. Some people on this have complained about a &quot;pushy&quot; travel agent at the hotel trying to force you into overpriced tours. When we checked into the hotel we were spoken to by a friendly man in the office about our travel plans, but because we knew what we were doing, he didn't try and sell us anything (though the hotel might want to note that some people on this website have found this approach a bit pushy and unwelcoming.) Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Ajanta and would recommend it as a budget place to stay in Delhi.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not a guest friendly hotel	Please carry cash at the time of check out (credit card is not accepted in this hotel) else you will have to walk for five minutes to take cash from ATM and pay your bill.	
Sep 17 2009	Ajanta Hotel was clean and hospitable in an impeccable location.	We appreciated our clean, cool room in the hot season, and the friendly, helpful staff. This hotel has a lovely view of the Taj Mahal from the rooftop eating area, and the car and driver we hired to drive to Jaipur and back to Delhi were comfortable and clean. This was an excellent value and we would not hesitate to stay there again. We were a party of three adults traveling together, my husband and me and my sister-in-law.	
Sep 13 2009 	Much improved from the first time I stayed	I have stayed at the Hotel Ajanta on 2 occasions, The first was not a good experience however this was maybe because I had not prepared for the differences in lifestyle and other things. I felt pressured to take taxi's everywhere and lost money doing so but I decided to give it another go and returned.This time I found it much easier, the food was very good, the service was excellent and yes the rooms were a bit noisy but its New Delhi!!!I would recommend this hotel as its a really good place to chill out whilst aclimatising to this beautiful country.	
Sep 6 2009 	Ok but I'm sure there are better options for the same price.	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta was fine, but the hotel isn't especially nice. The staff were at times a bit rude and also quite pushy to arrange trips/trains/activites for you. The food was ok but the restaurant wasn't a nice place, although one night we ate on the roof and that was better. Our room had everything we needed but wasn't very well kept. The location is quite good, as it is very close to the New Delhi train station. Basically it's fine for a place to sleep and an ok option, but maybe look around for a better option first.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice rooms noisy location good for a budget hotel	We had a really spacious room, but was at the front of the hotel. It had very thin windows, so little sleep was had, as the hotel is located in the 'flea pit'/backpacker area', Pagarhni, of Delhi. The travel agent man within the hotel, is a good saleman and booked us 5 day trip with a driver around Rajasthan. overall a good hotelshort stay, but I wouldn't stay in Delhi too long anyway!	
Sep 1 2009 	A good place in the heart of New Delhi	A clean and quiet place in heart of New Delhi within walking distance from New Delhi railway station. The bustle outside is not affecting the stay inside the hotel. The rooms are clean and maintained. The restaurant seems to be good though I could not use the same due to my itinerary. The room service is OK but the time taken for service can be improved upon. The hotel offers one free pickup / drop from / to the airport. The hotel is reasonably priced.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice and safe hotel in Delhi	I stayed at Ajanta hotel in several occasions. The staff are friendly and helpful, they help you organize your trips, you get safe taxis, good advice on travel. It has 24 hr room service and hot water. It is a government approved hotel, that means that you are safe in there. The restaurant has good food, you have breakfast buffet, which is very delicious. It is good value for the price. The location is also very convenient, it is very close to New Delhi railway station and to the Paharganj commercial area (you can go by walk) You can take an auto to Connaught place as well and it is quite close. A good and friendly place to stay in Delhi for a good price!! Plenty of foreigners choose this hotel as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great experience at an amazing cost	Oe has several apprehensions about booking hotels from another city. BUt what I saw on the net is what I experienced on reaching Ajanta Hotel.The ambience and the staff at this hotel - Hotel Ajanta make you feel welcomed and the comfortable stay thereafter is worth mentioning.Highlights would be the cleanliness and the prompt service. After a hard day's work it does make a difference when you enter a good, well kept, clean room. And then when you need something extra, it reaches you promptly. I would be making this review incomplete if I did not mention about their food. Give this place a try. You will come back	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	It is really great value for money hard to explain in words. The staff is very helpful and what to say about the location it is just perfect. I had no problems at all, and being my first trip ever to Delhi i really needed a lot of guidance for what places to see, what to eat etc and staff gave great suggestions and helped me get around the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Its an excellent hotel with great service location and value for money	We really enjoyed our stay, the staff was very helpful and provided great service. It is centrally located so makes it easier to move around the city. The rooms are clean and very good. All in all, i would recommend the hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Service at great rates!	I had the pleasure staying at the Ajanta on a business trip in feb and have to stay the staff is way better than any of the large chains in country. any time I needed something it was there in minutes which is tough in India. a must stay!	
Aug 18 2009 	Bait and Switch	I am not sure how this hotel has rated 3 stars. Maybe it is the low prices, but this was not a pleasant stay. When we arrived we were shuffled off into a small room where we were told that they had no rooms. However the hotel in the rear of the building had rooms. We were logged into the books of both hotels, evidently as proof should we complain on [--] where we placed the reservation that they did not honor the booking. I believe these are the same hotels as tehy both use teh same systems and the same credit card machine located in teh Ajanta. The Hotel is in the nastiest part of town and has a club next door that plays very loud music well into the night. The picture of the front of the building is definitely photo shopped.	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't let the photos fool you.	It's a budget hotel and that's exactly what it is. It's a good budget hotel but their webiste seems to fluff things a little too much. So LOWER your expectations as in way way low if you want to stay there. When I was checking in there was a big group of rather unfriendly guys, it felt like some local government office rather than a guesthouse. And then another Indian guy kept asking me to follow him out of the hotel, I didn't know what's going on, some other guy has my passport.... it was a mess. They didn't scam me or anything, but having just just arrived to Delhi, this sort of disorientation at the place you are staying isn't ideal. I made two reservations, one for when I arrive and another at the end of the trip. I cancelled the second reservation.That was my experience and I stand by my word.	
Aug 5 2009	Good Location Rooms 	we Went with my own tour group had 10 of us occupying 5 rooms ,the staff knew what everybody wanted and we all had a great 2 nights here at ajanta ,this is right next to everything and a great location we booked this through sanfred travels and was a good decision.They serve food 24 hours a day which was great but yes we overate ,they have awesome balcony rooms overlooking the city and easily the best looking hotel in the area.They gave us an upgrade on our return from udaipur which was a welcome surprise.Kudos to ajanta hotels	
Jul 26 2009 	warm drinks	we stayed in July 2009 in this hotel. We occupied two rooms, one single and one double.The single had no window ! Room price 40 $ !The double had a fridge which did not work. After complaints some housekeeping boyscoming three times to look after but without success !So we ordered cola which came warm, same with mineral water. Not to forget the beer,They told us to go outside for a cold beer, but this also never came.A special service was a small bucket with ice cubes for 30 Rs !!The hotel has a nice roof top restaurant but what a sense without cold drinks ?After one night we checked out and went to the neighbouring Grand hotel which wasreally great.	
Jul 24 2009 	Mrs. Ravi Kher Again	This is the best hotel in the Pahargonj Area mainly in the Arakashan Road. The hotel arranged free transfer for us from the airport at midnight which was an excellent service.I visited Delhi in July. The weather was very hot with scorching heat. My son got high fever after arriving at Delhi and we had to stay in the Hotel for three days for his nursing. But we found the hotel very comfortable to do that. We stayed in 3 different rooms in the Hotel in a span of five days. 404, 215 and 319. Except 215 the other rooms were excellent. I should mention the name of Mr. Gautom whose cooperation we cannot forget.Lastly we would like to mention the the name of Mrs. Kher who arranged an excellent tour for us to visit Ajmer, Pushkar, Jaipur and Agra. Before the tour me and my wife asked her to give us comfortable vehicle and hotels, since my son was sick. She showed us the photos of the hotels in her computer. But we were a little bit afraid. She promised that all the arrangements would be as committed. During the tour we found nothing to complain to her. Rather my Father in Law joined us from Jaipur and Mrs. Kher arranged an additional room in Jaipur and Agra immediately. Again she arranged a good vehicle for us to tour Delhi in eight hours. I would highly recommend Mrs. Kher if anyone wants to tour from Delhi to other cities. She knows the customer need and keeps her commitment.I would also recommend Hotel Ajanta if anyone wants to stay in the Pahargonj area.	
Jun 30 2009 	MRS KHER	I had a very good stay in the Ajanta Hotel. I could recommend this Hotel to everybody. The staff is very nice and helpful, they are always smiling. :-)I also like to recommend Mrs. Kher (Travel agency managerin in the hotel, [--]) and to thank herShe organized my trip very well and I felt alsways very, very safe. I (women, 32) travelled alone. It was very nice and very safe. Thanks Mrs. Kher.I hope to come back soon :-)See you and enjoy itGreets from SwitzerlandSeraina	
Jun 26 2009 	Highly recommend	I was in Delhi last year for a quick business trip and wanted to find something centrally located and economical. I had never stayed at Hotel Ajanta before but was pleasantly surprised with the customer service and the room. The staff was very friendly and the room was very well kept, the linens were clean and crisp. Overall a great experience for the price. I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2009 	budget hotel	I stayed at this hotel a couple of times with my husband as we had to transit in Delhi. The first time we saw the hotel, I was really worried. I have never back packed before and the hotel was in a very crowded area and I really did not like it at all. However, as I was with my husband, I did not mind it too much. But do not believe the photos you see on their home page! The rooms were not too bad. They were quite spacious. When our flight was postponed, we stayed an additional night and they upgraded us. However, I thought that the semi-deleuxe room was better than the upgraded room!! Also, I am not so sure about the staff at the front desk. Some of them are nice but the others... I am not so sure! On my last stay I met a lady at the front desk and she seemed quite nice. The rooms could be a bit more clean. We decided not to stay here again when it took us nearly 2 hours to go to the hotel from the airport and at the end of a long travel, we were not too keen to go to some crowded place! But I think it is ok value for money (given that most hotels in Delhi are quite expensive).	
Jun 19 2009 	Safe and very Friendly	They made arrangements for me to be picked up from the airport &amp; gave a nice meal at 3 am at night and woke me up the next day with the breakfast ready as per my request in the email i had sent them earlier. The hotel staff spent time to answer all my questions and helped me with all my queries. I will definitely be back whenever i am in New Delhi next time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Tickets travel and holliday thanks to hotel ajanta in new delhi	Myself and nelson and kelly from stellar trip management in the usa planned our journey to india and nepal with tickets to india plus our stay all with hotel ajanta ,being travel professionals we know we can be a pain when were travelling but we as a 3 team would encourage via this review whoever is behind the ajanta operations and say You guys delivered fantastically (if thats a word) we are your clients for Life !Very professional extremely hard working Team ....They did however take their sweet time to check us in but we reckoned security protocols are better adhered to than not ...Will be sending you a written recomendation soon	
Jun 2 2009 	sophisticated and affordable!!	Ajanta hotel is one of the best places to stay in Delhi. Not only is it cost effective but the ambience, food and the service is superb!! Definitely recommend it to everyone to choose this as their first preference to stay in Delhi.	
Jun 1 2009 	As a single woman I needed a safe and relatively cheap place for a few hrs in the middle of the night	I got into Delhi at 12:30AM and Delhi as a city has a horrible reputation for the safety of single women. I was greatly relieved to see the hotel arranged driver was waiting patiently as my flight in was delayed for over an hour. The only glitch was even though I had paid via cleartrip.com, the hotel guys said I had not made payment. However, I was able to connect to my bank and the call centre people spoke to the hotel receptionist and convinced him that my card had been charged. I was leaving at 4 the next day, so spent only about 3 hrs in my room, but it seemed a perfect fit for my specific need. The staff was very curteous and the room and bathroom was clean.	
Jun 1 2009 	Convenient location and great service.	We spent four days at Ajanta enroute to Europe and found this budget-priced hotel a great bargain with clean rooms and hospitable staff. The location is very central and the hotel provides good guidance and transport for city tours. We found other facilities such as free Airport pick-up,Internet, Licensed Foreign Exchange Bureau very useful.All in all we had a very pleasant experience and would look forward to return here on our next trip to India.	
May 20 2009 	Terrible experience	I booked a twin room in this hotel for 2 days via telephone (thats one way of booking this hotel). But when I finally reached there with my foreign friend, they said they cannot let us stay in one room if there is no relation. I tried to argue but there was no use. They shifted us to another hotel instead. The location of the hotel-Paharganj, is terrible too, no decent restaurants or cafes there. The food in hotel's restaurant is also very average. Overall, an experience woth forgetting.	
May 20 2009 	Clean friendly hotel for a great price	Stayed here for a weekend in Delhi. Location was good and central for sightseeing.We booked cars from the reception for both days - rates very very reasonable. Both drivers were reliable &amp; informative and the cars were in good condition.Only ate breakfast in the restaurant which was fine.Room was clean and bed was comfortable.Security seemed very good.For a tourist hotel it ticked all the boxes and was perfect for a weekend which was more about sightseeing than spending time in a hotel.	
May 13 2009 	4 Star rooms 3 star service and 2 star pricing	working for a leading international hotel chain I write reviews all the time on all hotels that i stay at ,this holiday trip of mine started with the ajanta hotel in delhi.Ask them for an upgrade and they mostly oblige and I wanted to mentally challenge their every claim so went to order their butter chicken which they claim is the best in town and I was blown away super delicious served with these indian naanaz.All in all a friendly stay everybody always willing to talk help lend solution t every issue i might have even though sometimes i didnt ask for it.I will surely recomend this hotel to everybody looking for great rooms and great food on a limited budget.	
May 11 2009 	GREAT LOCATION FRIENDLY SERVICE	For the Budget traveller with a long stay in India ...all in Hotels...this one really fits the Bill..Real value for money and easy access to everywhere in Delhi and the Railway Station on its door step.	
May 10 2009 	Never Ever Coming Back first impression was worst	I made a resrevation on Phone and I was told they will provide me Pick up and drop pff at teh airport so I cancelled another reservation which was near the airport. Pick up was horrible took time to get to Hotel then I was told at teh check in they provide one way only as either pick up or Drop off, have I been told on the phone when I made reservation I could have used Drop off as I had my car for the that time. They forced me to pay for the Airport drop off, its not matter of 400 , its matter of giving fasle information!!!So I will suggest dont rely on what you are told on phone get a written confirmation for everything and More over Dont even stay here , Airport hotels are much better, safer and more customer oriented , If it was any other hotle they could have accpeted thier mistake and provided the tranport as it was their fault of giving wrong information.Their Resturant is said to be AC but not worth sitting there its always hot some how	
May 8 2009 	Cant wait to go again	My girlfriend and I are architects and arrived in delhi and found The ajanta to be an amazingly built property with rooms which are so royal exactly what tourists would love,later we saw other hotels and realised that this hotel looks like the grand imperial hotel in delhi from inside and its rooms except its smaller much smaller and one fourth the price,I sincerely wish they would offer rooms with a view but I guess delhi doesnt have any real views to see.All in all great service and excellent rooms Will be back	
May 5 2009 	Good friendly for the Price n amenities	Its safe and reliable it is and that its a family run professional hotel and u took a tour to rajasthan and felt safe as they had a person in each city to help u and ensure u have a great trip... Car used for the 15 day trip was very comfortable and all hotels booked were carefully picked later learnt that they are recommended in all guide books for this travel agency called capital city travels ... I would however suggest that they should serve more sandwiches and other easy snacks etc rather than only restaurant food .,All in all good	
May 4 2009 	The perfect hotel for your stay in Delhi	Hotel Ajanta, has been used by my family and friends since 2005. The service provided by the staff has always been excellent. I have personally booked three tours of The Golden Triangle with them and recently booked a trip for my parents who stated that Hotel Ajanta made their trip a memory they will never forget. The hotel is very well run and the facilities are more than adequate. The restaurant in the hotel provides some of the best Indian food I have had in India. You can simply sit at home in front of your computer and plan your trip of India with Hotel Ajanta. They have never let my family or friends down. I strongly recommend staying in this hotel, and definitely booking your tours through them.	
May 4 2009 	Wide variety of rooms	The facilities are good and comfortable with a wide variety of rooms to choose from. The rooms are well maintained. Only problem is the location which is a bit shabby.	
May 3 2009 	Mixed feelings	The hotel is located at a busy lane near the New Delhi Railway station. Thats the primary reason I chose the hotel for my three day stay. Also, they offered a pickup from the airport (free). We arrived at Delhi airport on a Saturday and the hotel driver was there at the airport to pick us up. I was slightly taken aback by the appearance of the street where the hotel is located, being very crowded, however, the hotel itself was neat and well maintained. The stay at the hotel was comfortable. However, both the restaurant and the room service lacked promptness. The food quality was average. I think its best to avoid the travel desk at the hotel. The rates are high and no where near value for money. Another negative point was the fact that they did not accept credit card for final settlement and I had to run to find an ATM to draw cash in order to make the final settlement.	
May 1 2009 	For sure worth the stay	The rooms were comfortable, staff was warm and helpful. Food wad great and is centrally located to get around the city.	
Apr 30 2009 	clean safe place to stay-good value for money	I was travelling to India with a girlfriend and was warned by several friends about the safety factor in delhi for girls. We were greeted by a friendly driver at the airport and taken to the hotel. The room service was good and the fact that there was an in-house restaraunt helped on days that we wanted to spend time relaxing. All together the stay was safe and comfortable and good value for money. I would suggest offering non smoking rooms. The staff was very warm and friendly.	
Apr 28 2009 	Defiantely Worth the trip back home :)	As soon as I arrived in the hotel, I was impressed with the warm and sincere welcome of the staff who offered to assist me in any way I needed. Check In was superb and and done so in an efficient manner.The room setup was beautiful and exceeded my expectations to a much higher level.The staff from all departments of the hotel were very professional and courteous and always had a friendly smile on their face, no matter what time of the day,	
Apr 28 2009 	Value for Money	I stayed here March 3-9 2009. Check in was quick and painless. The room was HUGE, very nice and extremely clean. With a king size bed, there was a coffee maker, microwave and mini-fridge in the room. Bathroom was very nice with a marble sink, tub, shower with extremely hot water. Plenty of towels and toiletries! TV was excellent - with an extremely good range of channels Its greatest asset is location, very close to the popular shopping places like CP and Karol Bagh. Staff were friendly, efficient and helpful even though they were extremely busy.	
Apr 27 2009 	NO VALUE for MONEY	The room was neat and clean. But the TV provided by them and NO wi-fi connection makes u feel that u entered into some low budget hotel. No doubt a bath tub will be provided but i dont know wat they xpect us to do without proper water storage in dat tub. (there was prob wid d valve n culdnt stop draining of water)Even the water bottles, chips &amp; cold drinks provided in the room are charged, nothing is complimentary. And more over the food in the restaurant is NOT at all worth that price, bad taste and bad quantity.	
Apr 2 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	Recently I stayed at Ajanta only to be ambushed on arrival by Mrs Kher - the inhouse travel agent - who arranged for travel for the remaining time that I spent in India - on the following day I requested that all travel plans be cancelled - which I was told was not possible - but was given a reduuction of INR 21,000 of total of travel costs - After leaving New Delhi I again requested that all plans made by Capitol City Travel be cancelled - and was ignored for a few days - then to be told that yes it can be cancelled &quot;but you will loose some money&quot; - I have been back from india for over a month and still have not recieved any refund from these people - BUYER BEWARE - I thought that i was just checking into a hotel initially - not booking a holiday - I would not recommend this Hotel or Capitol City Travel to anyone - check more reviews for confirmation of this at TripAdvisor.com	
Mar 22 2009 	Nice hotel Shame about the location	This is a really nice hotel. We had a free airport pick up, the room was clean with a good shower and the restaurant was excellent. It is only a shame that it is located more in the old part of Delhi rather than New Delhi as advertised,(It is a 50Rs rickshaw ride to connaught place) which means that a white tourist is some what a novelty. Be prepared to have more stares when walking round. I dont think I would recommend a lone female traveller to stay here. The room was very noisy through out the day and night; dogs barking, horns beeping and general crowded area sounds. On the whole a good hotel.	
Mar 20 2009 	An okay choice for a short stay and for the price	We stayed at the hotel for two nights on our way to Varanasi. We organised a transfer from the airport through the hotel and we had a seamless trip and check in.We booked a room for two people and it was a little small and cramped although comfortable for a short stay. They are clean and our shower was very good with plenty hot water! A bonus in India.We were not so overly impressed by the service at the hotel. We found that their quotes for drivers, taxis and day trips were very expensive. We never really got the feeling they were trying their best to help us. This is an issue with Delhi in general and we would recommend researching tours, drivers before arrival so you have options.	
Mar 19 2009 	Ok Hotel in Delhi	My wife and I have stayed in this hotel around 4 times between January and March. The good thing about the hotel is that the prices are quite reasonable compared to Delhi standards. It is also in a central crowded area close to the Delhi railway station. If you want a quite residential area, this is not a place for you.. The room are clean and generally well maintained.. They have different types of room but more or less all of them look same. So no point in spending more money on a higher room. If you arrange with them early, they also provide free airport pick up. But during our last stay, the car didn’t come. But they provided free airport drop instead. The room service is also quite good. But my major prob with this place is that the bell boys who hung around you all the time for tips.. Sometimes it gets on to your nerve.. Although the reception is generally good, some times they can be a bit rude.. From a safety point of view it looks ok as we noticed a lot of female tourists.. However I would be reluctant to allow my wife stay here alone, as the street is quite crowded and not sure whether it is safe for a single female traveling alone. Also if you are just looking to spend one night in Delhi due to flight connection, it makes more sense to stay somewhere else close to airport..	
Mar 12 2009 	The staff made the difference	Well, I have to say that all the EMPLOYEES have been so nice with me, caring alot about my staying...and this made the difference about my journey in New Delhi, making me feel comfortable and safe like home. Rooms are not like those shown on the website (on the website you see only the best ones ..:-) :-) , so at the arrival I was not satisfied about mine and they upgraded me immediately for free in a Superior Room N. 419 (this room need a real closet, the one inside is invisible a small hole). BY THE WAY, THANK YOU EVERYBODY ESPECIALLY MR. ARVINDER. I left the hotel for 2 days going to Agra and they let me leave my 2 heavy lugguages at the hotel. Coming back I had a Standard Room with A/C n. 218 with a very good bathroom just renovated, even better than the Superior I had before. Beds are comfortable. Restaurant is nice and good, closing late at night and buffet breakfast in the morning is 200 RS. I found very useful the pick up service at the airport included in the price. There is a 24 hours Internet service, but sometimes you can have problem with lines (30 min 30RS - 1 hour 60RS) The street is very noisy, very very noisy, so bring something for your ears otherwise you wont be able to sleep.Now one thing important to say to my WESTERN FRIENDS (cause i red some bad staff reviews)......the reception sometimes is a little bit messy, crowded, people come and go and you dont understand who is a guest and who is an employee. Probably staff will stop you hundred times asking you where you go, what your plan is....etc etc ...SO, DONT BE SCARED OF IT... ..WE ALL KNOW THAT BUSINESS IS BUSINESS, it is just the indian way to do it.....in Europe we do the same only in a different way...so my advise is BE ALWAYS NICE AND FRIENDLY TO STAFF...listens to what they have to say, and their proposals, anyway remember that the last decison is always up to you...To the hotel staff I should recommend to always introduce themselves and smile to guests before jump on them... :-) :-) :-) remember that some Western people might be scared and impressioned by arriving in the hectic and caotic Delhi.....so give them time to get used of it and make them feel safe like home.	
Mar 9 2009 	Not as cheap as you would expect altogether bad value for money	The main problem with the Ajanta is that it is run by a management team that has no centralised system of communications, so that you have to record yourself anything you pay for in order to make sure that you can defend your case when they do not find a trace of your advance payment.But what I found the most suspicious about them is the way that they charge you a 10% 'service fee' on top of the usual 12.5% luxury tax tourists normally pay. This dramatically increased the cost of accomodation, making the Ajanta almost as expensive as some 4 star hotels in much nicer areas of Delhi! Funny enough, one of the manager proposed to reduce that service charge to 5% if I chose to pay in cash, which I refused. Do I smell tax evasion? Anyhow, I have never seen anywhere charge 10% service on top of your room fee, especially since porters and others employees still expect to be tipped. It is all very dodgey and I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone unless you enjoy being ripped off.	
Mar 7 2009 	Fair Hotel for just a overnight	Our permanence in New Delhi would be only for one night. We wouldarrive in Delhi the 23:00 hs and the flight to Kathmandu would be inthe following morning and we found convenient the location and the free pickup in theairport offered by Ajanta Hotel. I found the driver very easily and itwas nice welcome to New Delhi by avoiding the grounds of all the taxi hawkers attn the airport. But a good clue is to buy the pre-pay taxi at the airport that cost 230.00rupees (about of US$ 5.00). You don't have to bargain with the driver!At the hotel the room was clean. Bathroom was clean. I didn't see anycockroaches or mosquitoes. I was quite pleased with my room, number 9,outside of the building.Seemed to be an annex. Unhappily the room didn't have a window .(??)But the big surprise was when we check out and we came across a&quot;luxury tax&quot; of 12.5% and a service tax of 10%, what did of the HotelAjanta a &quot;fake 4 stars&quot;. (just in the price of course!!)What should have cost US$60.00 cost us US$ 80.00. Also they charged us 400.00 rupees for thetaxi of turn to the airport. (turist trap).If you don't have plans for the nex day take care!! It will be followed in breakfast by a personnel that had tried to sell the anycost a full day trip for any place.Very pusher!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Bad start to India trip	Having read a number of reviews I feel relieved that many experiences mirror mine. Pick up from the airport was good, but we 'paid' for that by having a small, dingy room on the first night for which we paid appx AUS$60. Taken into a room and interrogated about our travel plans. We were backpacking and didn't want a tour, but they were like a dog with a bone and wouldn't leave us be. By the time we left, we'd gotten used to ducking for cover each time we saw the travel agent lady! Extremely pushy. Extremely nosy. Extremely bad manners! We couldn't leave the hotel without someone asking where we were going and who we were meeting, and where we were going next, and where we were planning to stay. It was a terrible start to our holiday and unfortunately put us off staying in any hotel which ran a travel service as we assumed they would all be the same. Thankfully we found out later they weren't. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone and I would never stay there again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Customer Service - good coft stay	Overall experience was wonderful, very comfortable stay right from the pick-up till the drop back to the airport. Customer service was great and the rooms were very clean and quiet gives you a feeling of staying away from the hectic city.Great facilities like neat and hygenic food at the restaurant, Business Centre, Internet access, Shop. Good food and quick room service.. I would consider staying at the same place again :)	
Feb 23 2009 	A Traveller's Haven in New Delhi	The best mid-range hotel we stayed at in India. Good food, good company, good service, and a clean bright room. Thanks to Mrs. Kher at the travel desk for organising a wonderful tuk-tuk sightseeing trip for us. Free collection from the airport.ANNA and ANTHONY SCHLESINGER, BATH UK.	
Feb 20 2009 	Ajanta Hotel Delhi: Good place good people	Stayed at Ajanta fHotel not far from the very central Old Delhi train station or a week or so for ain international conference I attended in Delhi. Very comfortable and clean room, very happy to discover free WiFi in effect, nice restaurant on ground floor and on the roof. I upgraded to two better rooms on the last two days when my wife joined up along with a friend-couple our travelling companions from back home.Mrs Kher and all her good staff made all of us feel very welcome, and we are very glad we set up our generic post-convention tourism away from Delhi through Mrs Kher, making our arrangements upon the group's arrival at the hotel. The Chandigarh and Benares hotels, and all the Delhi and other town drivers and guides Mrs Kher arranged, were fine. We particularly appreciated that when we missed our train one early AM due to unfamiliarity and tricky &quot;helpful bystanders&quot; (touts) at the nearby railway station, Mrs Kher promptly arranged new tickets, provided us a ride back to the station where she met us and got us safely on our way.Best time to travel India in Northern hemisphere terms: mid-late fall through mid-late spring. It was terribly hot and humid when we were there mid-sept to early October. Ajanta air conditioning made a big difference; it's optional/extra but midspring through mid fall be sure to get it!	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Central Hotel	A great central hotel near the train station and a helpful Manager Mrs Kher who organised out trip to Varanasi. The hotel is clean and the staff will get you anything you need for your rooms quickly. Mrs Kher also arranged a pick up from the train station and airport. The restuarant next door is nice food was nice aswell. The street at night was illuminated with all the hotels and travel agents names in very bright lights. All in all always agree a best price be it hotel or tours or clothes. India is an amazing place. Yet like in any country buyer beware.We went around Jaipur / agra / Ramthambore and saw a Tiger on our first cantar ride. AWESOME.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great value	It was a great value and extremely good service.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Holiday Experience at an Affordable Price.	we went to delhi in december to attend my cousin's wedding &amp; stayed at the Ajanta Hotel. the service provided was excellent! very conveniently located near my cousin's place. We were picked up from the airport by the hotel staff for free. on the drive from the airport the driver updated us on all the new places that had opened up such as restaurants, malls, etc. very friendly &amp; nice fellow. At the hotel we were greeted by the manager of the hotel who was really helpful in helping us plan our travel itinery. we told him that we wanted to see the Taj Mahal in Agra &amp; the Fatehpur Sikri Fort after my cousin's wedding was over. Our room was really nicely done and was very clean (I'm very fussy about hygiene &amp; cleanliness). didn't expect it to be so nice considering the deal we got. the restaurant was nice too but breakfast was a bit expensive. The location too was really cool. just 5 mins drive to connaught place which is the centre point of delhi &amp; has amazing shops &amp; restaurants. Janpath was my favorite shopping haunt for handicrafts &amp; junk jewelry &amp; colorful embroidered bags. very bohemian stuff at prices that are exorbitant but you can manage to fit it in your budget by hardcore bargaining. I loved haggling with the vendors! never get to do that here in Vancouver. The highlight of our visit to India was our Agra trip. We rode to the Taj on a camel cart. Darn exciting experience. it was our First camel cart ride. The Taj is the most beautiful monument we've ever seen. the hotel arranged for a guide for us to explain the history of this gorgeous monument. Excellent guide! he was very informative and witty. the hotel guy arranged for a professional photographer who clicked our pictures very artfully. After the taj, we went to Fatehpur Sikri Fort which is a very intriguing monument. its sitiuated on top of a hill and has this massive gate that made us feel so tiny. the fort has a white marble mosque where it is believed that whatever you wish for will come true and has had visits from top celebrities and bollywood stars. huge compound but very crowded. children selling stuff really pestered us. but on the whole a great fun place to visit. the ajanta staff really made our stay worthwhile. we will definitely stay with them again whenever we visit India again and recommend this hotel to everyone! Cheers guys! Thanks a ton for making our stay Memorable!Best Regards,Rachita &amp; Gang	
Feb 11 2009 	good value!	Booking was easy, got a great price for the central location in Delhi. Near the railway station, super easy to travel outside delhi. Hotel arranged pick up from airport, got me tickets for the train to Agra, set up sight seeing around Delhi, reccomended authentic place to see. They even have their own restaurant and travel agency, which was very convinient for me. Room was nice and clean. All in all, exceptional service!	
Feb 4 2009 	Not bad... remember to haggle with Mrs Kehr!!	My girlfriend and I arrived in Dehli and grabbed a taxi straight to the Hotel Ajanta.We were both exhausted from our flight and also a bit nervous about the start of our planned 4 months of backpacking before arriving in New Zealand.As soon as we arrived, we were ushered into a little room where we met Mrs Kehr, a representative of Capital Tours.She asked us what we had planned for our 2 months in India, and we replied that we were just going to wing it.She planned everything for us.A driver called Dinesh, who was a really fantastic guy... very knowledgable, with really good English.He took us around Rajasthan, to Agra then another driver (who was rubbish) took us to Khajuraho, Bandhavgar Tiger Reserve and Varanasi.We haggled with prices a LOT... so felt that we got an average deal.I must say though her first price (which we halved) would have been a HUGE rip off.The hotel Ajanta itself was well located in Delhi. The room average sized, could have done with a paint job and not that clean... but you do get what you pay for.Overall, I would say that it was a really good place to start our experience in India!	
Jan 31 2009 	Good pick up	We booked one night through Expedia for A$52.15. My main reason for choosing this hotel was that we were arriving at 10pm on New Years Eve and the Ajanta offered a free airport pick-up. The pick up from the airport worked perfectly.Our room was clean but plain and too small. It was like a king-sized bed in a single room. There are reasonable rooms at the Ajanta but you may be lucky to actually get one. The second night we stayed there, on our return journey, was better furnished but still too small and just stank of smoking. The clothes in our bags smelt of smoke days afterwards. It was disgusting.The final room that we stayed in before flying out was better furnished and more spacious. But that was after paying for a very expensive tour that we purchased from the in-house travel agent. There are six different standards of room according to their website and I do not know the standards of the rooms in which we stayed. Whatever the initial cost of a room, that is the place from which to negotiate a better price. Everything here has the rider of 'by Indian standards' and should be negotiable.The Hotel Ajanta is in a street of hotels. It is fairly close to the New Delhi Railway Station but with the degree of difficulty in just walking down the street, you still need a rickshaw or autorickshaw to get there with luggage, or back, start from Rs20. The area is walking distance from Connaught Circle, without luggage.The restaurant is small but quite attractive. First morning there was a breakfast buffet for Rs200 which was expensive, but convenient. Another morning, at a reasonable hour, we had to walk into the darkened restaurant and tell them to open up. The food is okay and the service is 'Indian standard'.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great service!!	We were in New Delhi last month for my cousin's wedding. We stayed at the Ajanta hotel for about a week and a half, and it was a great experience overall. The staff was very polite and friendly. The lobby staff went out of their way to help us find the things that we needed around town, like finding shops, etc. I would definitely recomment all my friends to go stay there if they go to India. Thanks Guys!! - Sunny Parmar &amp; Family.	
Jan 21 2009 	awesome time	very good hotel to stay in if ur goin to delhi u have a good time goin place up north ask &amp; it will be delivered at room thats how good the service was ........ you would not have lift a pen regards nakul	
Jan 20 2009 	Constantly mislead	I arrived in Nov in Delhi with my mom. We booked Ajanta online because it was easy. As expected we were picked up at the airport. The rooms were not as nice as the photos online, at all. We arrived late so had little choice. The next morning a woman introduced herself, we later found out she ran Capital City Tours, Mrs. Kher. She asked us our plans. She made us believe she was booking trains for us and mid range hotels. The price for 2 was $1700 for 10 days, we thought it was a lot, but it was 7 am and we were in a foreign place. Next she said it was complimentary to be toured around Delhi, so we went. That was when we discovered we hired a personal driver for 6 days. He was nothing but annoying! He would only take us to places where he got commission, fed our mind with crazy stories about being poisoned and raped, and complained about his job the entire time. He also was falling asleep while driving and refused to pull over to nap. Most of the hotels were really nice, one was disgusting. He was supposed to stay with us for 6 days - but we let him go a day early because he was so obnoxious. Then we were on our own for the next 4 days- nothing included in the original $. The last day of our trip we had prepaid for an overnight train ride and a hotel in Mumbai through Mrs. Kher. Unfortunately we were in a bus accident (side note: dont take busses most of the drivers are drunk). My mother couldnt continue to travel so we began booking flights home early. We called Mrs. Kher she was super nice saying she would help us with what ever needed and she would refund us our $100 for the last portion of the trip. It is 2 months, 3 phone calls, and many emails later and we still havent been refunded. On the phone she would say check in 2 days, it just went through, I'll send you confirmation. NOTHING. She fed us with lies to shut us up, so now I am writing this so people know it is a bad business and if something unfortunate should happen they will only lie to make you happy but not follow through.	
Jan 18 2009	great hotel	Stayed here in November for 2 days- friendly, curteous staff, clean roomstravel agency in hotel was v useful and got a great deal to stay overnight in Agra travelling down by train. Incidentally, hotel is v close to the train station in delhi.would gladly recommend this hotel to friends/family staying in Delhi.	
Jan 14 2009 	What a Gem	Traveled to Delhi in December 2008 from San Francisco last minute with a few buddies and booked the Hotel on a friends recommendation who had stayed there before.I was glad to find the hotel better than expected, and great value for money compared to other hotels in the busy touristy neighborhood.The rooms were clean and spacious, Internet connectivity was great. The hotel staff was courteous, with good service and helped plan our trip in Delhi. We were also able to book tours to Agra &amp; Jaipur through the Hotel in a private taxi last minute at very reasonable rates. On the way out our flight was delayed due to fog in Delhi and missed our connection back to the states. The Hotel accommodated us last minute for 2 days and provided to and from transportation from the airport promptly in the middle of the night.Highly recommended place to stay for travelers. Thanks Ajanta.	
Dec 28 2008 	Decent hotel convenient to train station	We had a really hard time finding a hotel in Delhi but chose Hotel Ajanta for its proximity to the New Delhi train station as we had a early morning train to catch to Agra. The hotel is not in the best neighborhood but I think you could say that about most of the hotels in India. It was only a short walk to the station and was quite comfortable, save for the extremely noisy neighborhood. The best part though is probably the attached restaurant. Breakfast wasn't anything special but after a long day of sightseeing, dinner at the restaurant was superb.	
Dec 27 2008	Great Hotel in Delhi	We highly recommend this hotel!We booked our trip through lastminute.com and then found www.hotelajanta.com and organised our FREE complimentary pick up from the airport.We booked the superior room which was very spacious with a super-king sized bed, air conditioning, TV, table and chairs, kettle, mini bar (with shop price drinks &amp; snacks), shower en-suite and towels.The restaurant was lovely too - proud staff, tasty food and bargain prices!About a 15 minute walk to Connaught Place or a cheap 50R ride by auto rickshaw.	
Dec 24 2008 	Overpriced but adequate hotel	We booked a deluxe room with airport pickup before we left for India. The airport pickup went well and was appreciated since we arrived about 2 am. The deluxe room had no window and the toilet leaked. They showed us two other deluxe rooms but one had no window and the other had a tiny window however the toilet didn't leak in this room. The TV worked in both rooms. The rooms were clean enough. The restaurant was adequate but nothing special. We used their travel service to book a tour and that went well. I would recommend Capital City Travel.	
Dec 23 2008 	Not a bad hotel but noisy outside	This was not a bad hotel and the rooms were fine - though we had booked two double rooms for two couples, and one couple got a room with ensuite bathroom and double bed, and the other couple got two single beds and use of a bathroom across the hall. The hotel has a pretty good restaurant and there is a shop selling bottled water etc just across the road. The worst thing about the hotel however was the noise - I could barely sleep all night because of horns blasting and dogs barking. Having said that, a lot of the other hotels I was considering booking seemed to be on equally busy roads if not worse. The Ajanta did seem pretty expensive for what it is - we paid the same price in a smaller town (Gwalior) a few days later for a much better hotel. Having said that, the Ajanta is probably a lot better than some of the more 'budget' accommodation available and we had no problems other than the noise. The reception will also exchange foreign currency and travellers cheques which was helpful.	
Dec 19 2008 	Better than the street; good if desperate.	Needed a place for 10 hours between flights (overnight).Booked it as they had a good website (with OBVIOUSLY carefully selected angles of photos). We were exhausted and were shown a bad room in some mildew corner of the hotel. No windows, basic bathroom, sterile vibe. So, went to see another. And another. Al the same bad boring feeling. Probably worth about 7-8$ a night if not for AC. But really just a very dark place with a nice (and far too busy reception with rather dodgy people). I you have taste and are with a lady, forget about this place for anything more than one emergency night.	
Nov 8 2008 	More than adequate	Hotel Ajanta was ok with us. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, my wife and I were apprehensive about staying here. Well, the airport pickup went without a hitch. They claim to be close to the airport, but are more like central Delhi, about 40 minutes from the airport. The neighborhood is the real Delhi, lots of interesting stuff going on in the street. We even got to watch a performance of the Ramayana in a small park adjacent to the hotel. Staff was friendly, but we didn't book anything through the hotel. You can avoid that kind of pressure by staying on a night-to-night basis. Our Superior room was a little small but quite clean by Indian hotel standards. In retrospect, the bad reviews on this site reflect more about Indian hotels in general than Ajanta specifically. We only stayed one night as a layover and this was fine, we got a little taste of Delhi with no problems. If you’re staying for a week a more in Delhi, it might be fun to treat yourself to a fancier place for a couple nights. But considering some of the other possibilites for Delhi hotels, Ajanta is more than adequate.	
Nov 7 2008 	We really like this hotel	We have been coming to India (so in and out of Delhi) continuously over the last 10 years and now we do business out of Delhi. Having tried the very cheap (100 rupees) end of hotels and the very expensive (£50 a night) we have settled very nicely in the middle with Ajanta. We have never experienced anything other than friendly and polite service, clean rooms, excellent food in the restaurant and all our business contacts are impressed with standards too when they visit for meetings. So we give it the definite thumbs up and will continue to use as our Delhi base without hesitation. Nicholas and Laura Barwick, UK	
Nov 4 2008 	Stay Away!	My email correspondence with this hotel should have been enough warning to stay away however I persisted and put it down to lack of English communication. Upon check in we were requested to go into a room which can only be described as a customs integration office. After this lengthy process we were advised that our room was available, numerous times I asked if the room type was the presidential suite that I had paid for before arriving and the check in lady advise 'yes this room type is the one you have booked'. Upon arriving in the room and further questioning of the front office staff it was apparent that we were not given the room type requested however given one that was three or four times a lower standard. It was also very apparent that if we did not question the matter that the hotel staff was happy for us to stay in the lower room type without refunding us the difference. After a lengthy discussion at the front desk the following day, the check out person reluctantly refunded us what was rightfully ours.During our stay we found the hotel staff to all be very unhelpful and rude. The lack of communication within the front desk was very annoyning having to report the same thing to three different people. The only thing going for this hotel was the friendly driver that greeted us at the airport. If staying in Delhi I would not recommend to stay at this hotel. There are numerous other hotels along the same road that be suitable. The rooms do not look at all like the ones displayed on the internet.	
Sep 9 2008 	Booked Stayed Regretted	Ok so this is a few years ago, but still... I booked the Hotel Ajanta for my first trip to India. I figured out myself how to get there, having read up on the various taxi scams going on at Delhi Airport!The hotel itself isn't bad. The rooms are not as clean as they can be, but whatever. My problems began when I told the inhouse travel-agent that I wanted to see Rajastan. They sold me a 7-day trip with driver etc. etc. etc. Needless to say, it was a complete disaster, and after the first day I demanded to be returned to Delhi, and I got back to the hotel I demanded my money back. After some serious arguing, they caved and refunded me. So that was good. After a second terrible experience with an organised tour (with another agency) I steered clear of tour agencies for the rest of my trip.All in all, it's an ok place to stay, they're fairly honest, fairly clean, but quite expensive (700rp a night). For the rest of my time in India I never spent more than 400rp a night for a room.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fabulous	My buddy from L.A recommedned me. I came to stay here with my friends. Awesome stay. Great staff and must try out the &quot;BUTTER CHICKEN, DAAL MAKHANI (Lentils).5 Mins from Conaught Place and late night pick ups available from airport. Above all we felt very safe and comfortable. Checkout the newly renovated rooms.	
Sep 4 2008 	Among the best I have experienced	Being an avid traveller I have travelled all over the world and have stayed in hotels big and small. Staying at Ajanta was a very pleasent experience - made my trip more comfortable and memorable. Location is excellent and ameneties are at par with most botique hotels around the world. However the best part was their customer service. They took care of me and my family and made us feel at home. What better can you ask when you are in a non-familiar environment with kids. Friendly, trustworthy and eager to serve staff - man, I will definately go back there and will highly reccomend it to all my fellow travellers.	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent service 	It's really the best hotel you can get at an affordable price, good service &amp; at a convenient location. Kudos!	
Sep 1 2008 	Amazing hotel because it's got the 'People' touch. Unrivalled hospitality.	The hotel is run by genuine, warm and caring folks who actually welcome you as more than a guest. At Hotel Ajanta, you're family. Leaving you wanting for nothing, the management and staff have the unique ability to satisfy even the unexpressed needs of their guests. Highly recommended place.	
Aug 26 2008 	The worst hotel in the world I have ever stayed in	We were constantly arguing with this cheating hotel. It ruined our holiday and cheated us out of money. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. On the first day it took 6 hours to check in on a pre-booked room. The room had cockroaches and they changed our room but it was missing a bed. It then took 2 hours to get the bed. They also accused us of not paying despite having a receipt and they tried to make us pay twice.As soon as you arrive they make you see the tourist lady, a lying cheat. DO NOT buy trips from her. She sold us trips which were not possible and a car we couldn’t use due to Independance Day. She tried to sell us trips totalling 20, 000 rupees (£250). Thank god we took the cheaper option. She knew the trips and the use of the car were not possible but she sold us the trips, with no conscience, to make money. She then wouldn’t give us our money back. She also constantly lied when we were trying to sort things out and constantly changed her story. She was not sorry at all for her actions. I have never met a lady as bad as this lady in my life.There are a lot of hotels in Delhi to stay in and this is not one I would recommend to my worst enemy.	
Aug 6 2008 	Tried to make us pay twice for the rooms!	We booked two rooms to stay one night at Ajanta hotel on July 13, 2008. We gave our credit card number before our arrival for payment. After staying one night and checking out, the man at the front desk asked for payment again. When we told him we had already made the payment via credit card, he said that payment hadn't gone through yet so he needed cash. When we asked what if later, after paying cash, the credit payment came through. The man said that he would refund the money back! As though we are fools. We told him we it was his look out to check about payment and that we are not fools to pay him double.He also was going to charge us for food we never ordered the night before. We only asked for mineral water. But also tried to add in some bill for food items.The front area has been renovated and so were some of the rooms. But the pictures on the website was nothing like the rooms we stayed in. It was in much more dull.The door locks with an olden style key which kept jamming.My room was very basic with small bed and a small tv. The other room with a double bed had no tv and a mini-fridge that didn't work.Please be wary when you stay here.	
Jun 1 2008	Most horrible place I've ever stayed	This hotel is a joke. Don't stay here. I know there isn't much choice in Delhi of clean, decent value places, but there has to be better than this dump. Our sheets were filthy, the staff were HORRIBLE and very shifty, waiting outside our room until we left the next morning, and the bathroom was dirty too. Avoid at all costs. Such a rip off.	
May 29 2008 	Bad Experience	I have to say that staying in this stupid hotel was the most horrible experience in my life.i stayed there in 1st week of may 2008.i was picked up by the hotel chauffer from my midnight flight (only nice thing during my stay as it was complimentary as promised) . was escorted into a smelly indica car with no a/c. (i was promised over phone that a/c car will be there for pickup and drop by a lady who talked to me).the drive was smooth. i was expecting a big hotel as for appearence from what i saw from website picture. i was driven to a road which was congested , unclean, bustling with activity even in the midnight. i was ushered to the reception.( i was supposed to be given a welcome drink as the website promised . but i was not even welcomed inside). after asking for a room the manager told me to give my icard( i have heared about iphone but icard seems to be something that i cannot discover) atlast it came to my mind that it was i-d card and so gave it to him. i was alloted a standard a/c room. the hotel ppl navigated me into a labyrinth of maze and i was given room no 303 in one corner. it was a very small room with a tv and a fridge that did not work and was meant to hold a couple of fanta bottles. the door did not have a proper secure lock so i had to use my room key to lock each time. the bed was tooooosmall to hold two ppl. and the bedsheet which was given was meant for one and to be shared by 2 people. whole night there was light from outside glowing and we heared sounds of autorickshaw pying. so didnt get proper sleep at all.the bathroom was ordinary. next morning after bath (luckily luke warm water was available) and we went into the hotel restaurant which had no south indian food items . i was forced to eat badly burnt bread and omlette with tuttifruities in it. we had planned to go out so we gave the keys to reception and asked them to clean the room. we came back in evening and asked for keys. the reception manager was fumbling coz the keys were not returned to reception after cleaning. we had to wait for 1/2 hour to get the duplicate keys. finally we had to suffer the same insomnia next night too. and the worst of all when we asked for the car to drop us in the airport we were told that only pickup was complimentary and drop was chargable at a nominal price of rs 350/-. so i hade to once again fish out money to get a car since i had to board the flight urgently. overall it was a very bad experience staying in ajantha	
May 13 2008 	Decent tourist class hotel	Checking in was an experience. We were taken to see so many people when all we wanted to do was get to our room (Trying to sell tours/excursions/flights.....do not do it....sort it all out yourself as it's much cheaper)When we eventually got to the room, it turned out to be simple, basic but clean enough. Consierge tried to sell us an upgrade when we arrived in the room, but we refused. Don't think those rooms were much different to the one we had!!! Air conditioning and ceiling fan a must India in April and we had them!!!Restaurant was good for breakfast and dinner. Buffet breakfast only available when you arrive in the morning. If you pretend to leave a full al la carte becomes available hahaha...Try it yourself!!!!!Gave us a a lovely cake for one of our birthdays when we were staying there. Would have enjoyed it more only for the dreaded Delhi Belly, but that was not their fault!!!!!Internet is available at a small cost	
May 13 2008 	Treated like a Criminal	I booked a room at this hotel with a Nepali friend before flying home. As my flight was due to leave next morning, I only reserved one room for us both as I would have to leave the hotel at 1.30am.The hotel refused to give us a room, despite the booking and the fact that there were rooms available. The reason? Apparently it was because my friend is Nepali and male and I am English and female, and there was no way they were going to give us a room together, despite the fact that I would only be there a couple of hours.It took us an hour of arguing, being stuck in an office with the staff staring at us, before we were offered a room in another hotel. We were either treated like criminals or ignored like a problem they hoped would go away.I do not think we would have been treated like this if my travelling companion had been of another nationality. This is one hotel I will never ever stay in again (not that I did) nor would I recommend it to anyone.	
May 9 2008 	Average rooms very efficient travel agency	We stayed in this hotel for two nights first and one additional night after taking a four-day trip to Agra and Jaipur through the hotel's travel agency. First night's small room was a small disappointment, since we had reserved a semi-business room. However, the travel agency manager of the hotel asked as the first thing in the morning, if we liked/disliked the room and gave us another room for the second night. It was better. The room for the last night was ok as well, but the toilet didn't flush without first pouring water in it from the bucket. Food in the restaurant was average, but there are some well worth restaurants nearby to go to.Roof top bar is very basic, but internet facilities very adequate. The hotel has currency exchange and prepaid-taxi desk and a complimentary pick-up service from the airport (worked well).The travel agency in the hotel is surely worth recommending. We got a good deal for a four-day trip to Agra (own accomodation already reserved for two nights) and Jaipur (one night accomodation in the package) including airconditioned mid-size car with a very professional and nice driver and separate guides for both cities and a one-day sightseeing with a driver in Delhi plus the last night accomodation in Ajanta. Altogether very efficient, convenient and easy. No use for trying to gather the package together on our own with bus/train tickets and the hassle with baggage.	
Mar 22 2008 	Ripped off	i, and a female friend, booked into the Hotel Ajanta before we left England. neither of us had been to India before so i checked the internet and booked our holiday on there.on our arrival in Delhi Airport we were met by a driver who took us to the hotel. that's when we faced our first obstacle. we were given a poky windowless room. after much arguing with the staff we were allocated a room at the front of the building, this was also poky but did have a balcony overlooking the street. we stayed the nights of 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th February 2008, leaving at midday on the 18th. in all that time our room was not cleaned nor the towels changed. the roof-top restaurant was a building site, with no service at all. luckily we only used the hotel as a base. on the 16th February we asked about a trip to Agra, taking a car for the day. we were quoted Rs4000, which we declined. we found a more reasonable rate across the road.we had also booked two nights, 4th and 5th March 2008, so that we had someplace to go at the end of our visit to India. on arrival on 4th March we were told they didn't have a room for us. after much arguing we were given a room, windowless, but larger than the original one. as it was for only one night (we booked for the night of 5th March but was leaving at 11pm for the airport) we decided to make do.all was well until we went to settle the bill. (we had previously heard others arguing about their bills but thought nothing of it) we ended up paying more for the two nights than we had for our original stay of four nights. as time was pressing, to get to the airport, we had no choice but to pay up. included in the bill was charges for cleaning the room twice,.. it had not been cleaned whilst we were there. When we arrived at the hotel on 4th March we had already paid Rs 1000, on enquiring what our balance was i was told Rs1460. on checking out we had to pay Rs2430. i will be returning to India late 2009 but will not be staying at the Hotel Ajanta again.am i satisfied with the hotel, would i recommend it? definitely not!	
Mar 22 2008 	Service with a scowl	Pros - Close to New Delhi train station and about a 10-15min walk from Connaught Place.Cons - Service with a scowl. This place is terrible. We've been traveling in India for 6 weeks and the Hotel Ajanta is one of the worst we've stayed at. The rooms are ok (a little pricey for what you get) though don't expect to get your room cleaned. The location is decent. The staff are generally miserable to interact with. The seem to actively dislike their patrons which makes for a rather unpleasant hotel stay. There are better places to stay in Delhi so avoid this hotel if you can.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good location reasonable price	Not in New Delhi, but close to the main railway station and on the edge of Old Delhi, this hotel offers reasonable value for money with an airport pick-up included.. The location could be a culture shock if you`ve no experience of the third world.Bedrooms can be noisy, we had a large suite which was well equipped and no problems..Breakfast was extra at 175rps but very good. There is a travel agency within the hotel.	
Mar 9 2008	scams - watch your back here	when we arrived we were told we had to check in through the travel agent, he faffed around with our voucher in reception for a while and after a night on the train then the delhi tuk tuk drivers I insisted i would check in at reception not the travel agent. The receptionist told me they were check out not check in even though the Indian woman in front of me was checking in. Grrrr, had to go back to travel agents.Fortunately he could not do a hard sell as we were not even staying all night.Room clean, windowless. All we needed. Breakfast most excellent.Travel agent came in to breakfast and was trying to accost breakfasters for a tour.Lots of people loitering around on each floor. Some sort of banging/building going on in a room on our floor''Rooftop restaurant'' a building site, did get a tea and sat on dusty chair! View goodBIG DOWN SIDE - when we came to check out, they tried to charge us again, they claimed we were checking out after 12 - no we said, we're not due to leave till tomorrow, we are checking out early. Then it was, 'where is your voucher?' we gave it you this am, we said. They said they couldnt find it, although didnt really look for it and wanted to charge us again. Fortunately we had a second invoice, though not strictly the voucher and they copied this and let us go. Surely they must have a system, ie they dont let you in your room without the voucher, It is my personal opinion that this is a deliberate scam.	
Mar 5 2008 	Average	We stayed in a presidential suite for 4 nights. The rooms are a good size, the bed is comfy and the shower is fab. You have to accept that Delhi is noisy and the rooms are not soundproofed. We only used the hotel as a base and it is central. The room was never cleaned over 4 days, but this is India! We chose not to use the hotel's travel agency finding much cheaper deals elsewhere. They did'nt appreciate this and tried to cancel our room, but we had the confirmation and they let us stay. Because of that we chose to stay in a different hotel on our return. I would stay there again and it is a fair price. The hotel pickup was fine, but they quote $20 for return to airport. Taxi's charge 400 rupee's for the journey! £5 or $10. We chose a taxi!	
Feb 20 2008 	Terrible Hotel	Please note: This hotel is advertised as New Delhi but is actually in Old Delhi.We stayed at the Ajanta Hotel for a total of five nights in early February 2006. It was our first stop on our round the world trip. We were picked up ok at the airport and immediately shepherded into the travel agency by Mrs. Shah who dove straight into her 'hard sell'. Before we knew it she had charged our credit card with 47,000 INR for a trip to Jaipur &amp; Agra that should have cost about 20,000 INR. We argued that she'd ripped us off and she gave us 20,000 INR cash back and a further 7,000 INR when we argued more with her. Despite the rocky start, we were determined to enjoy our time in this beautiful country and had two really nice days in and around Delhi with our friendly, honest driver. He tried to take us to some emporiums but we stood firm and told him that we weren't interested. He was totally ok with it and we gave him a 100 INR tip and he seemed much happier with that.Our trip to Jaipur and Agra was great and both hotels (especially Jaipur) were nice with clean rooms and good food. Of course we came into contact with scammers but the best way to deal with them when they ask you if it's your first time in India is to say 'No'. They usually back off if you are firm with them.When we returned to Delhi we had the same rubbish from the staff of the Ajanta but just ignored it and ate in other places and hailed our own rickshaws (really easy, just raise your hand at the roadside and about fifty of them race towards you!).All in all, India is an amazing place, but if you're in Delhi maybe consider staying somewhere else.	
Feb 17 2008 	Basic but OK	Our first impression was that the place and especially the street it was situated in looked seedy. The room looked somewhat tired, there was a lot of noise from the street, and a family of pigeons had made the air conditioner their nest. Apart from that, though, the room was clean, the shower powerful and warm, the bed comfortable. Breakfast at the resturant was pretty good, dinner not so good.The hotel taxi service was very good and on the first morning, one of their in-house travel agents cornered us to ask if we'd planned the rest of our two week stay in India. We decided to hear him out as he proposed an itinerary around Rajasthan for us. Since the itinerary and price sounded reasonable, we decided to go for it. It turned out to be two of the best weeks we've ever had!We had one more day at Hotel Ajanta at the end of our holiday and stayed in the same room. Somehow, the standard seemed a lot higher and the room a lot quieter than the first stay. I think after spending two weeks in India, we'd just gotten used to what seemed noisy and chaotic at first.	
Jan 17 2008 	trap trap trap	When we arrived at the airport there was no pick up service, we had to call the hotel to send a driver who was supposed to be there in 5 minutes which ended up being 2hrs. The hotel is situated in a very busy and unpleasant part of town. Although the hotel itself does not reflect the outside there were plenty of blemishes: we had to pay for the supposed complimentary driver plus the expected tip. we were then escorted directly into a travel agent room instead of check in where he proceeded to rip us off by offering outlandish prices for tours and cars. The staff expected a tip for everything (Including pointing to your room even though you already know where it is). The advertised Wi fi did not work and i heard it still wasnt working after a week. The internet was slow and did not work most of the time which frustrated the tourists there, that and the fact that they still expected you to pay for the internet that didnt work. The exchange did not have enough INR for 6000. If you are hiring a driver be aware that they will take you to emporium after emporium and if you have any specialised shopping (in our case it was a camera) they will not take you to the cheaper government stores but to the more expensive stores where thay have commision. You will save a lot of money by catching auto rickshaws and getting around on your own. Although the rickshaw drivers do exactly the same thing if you are firm they will know not to muck you around. We made friends with our driver and established a quick understanding which saved us a lot of money and time. This hotel like others i suppose, will at any cost milk tourists for their money. Although it is nice be warned, be aware and remember that doing all your travelling arrangements is possible even though the travel agent will say that it is not!! the food is good and the superior and supposed presidential suites are good (dont expect a great view like the net shows) but anything under these are very basic. Hope this helps especially the first timers to india...	
Jan 7 2008 	Dirty noisy expensive	Dirty bathroom (hairs on the floor); noisy (carpentry going on at 9.30 pm); and expensive (I estimate 500 rupees' worth of hotel for 1200 rupees). I complained about the noise and was offered a single next to the carpenters for the same price. Sour staff and expensive shuttle (not free, as indicated on their web deals). Would not negoitate, although I mentioned their web prices.	
Jan 6 2008 	Avoid This Place !!	- A lot of rooms have no window- Room rates are far too high for he rooms and service provided- We paid rooms in advance but when we arrived one room had been given to someone else so that one person in our group of 3 had to stay in another hotel which was even worse.- They tried to cheat us with the tax by trying to charge a tax on the rooms which is only applicable on food and beverages- Bed sheets were dirty and seemed not to be changed after each guest.- Roof top terrace is a place where they dump rubbish and old furniture, can’t be used to sit- We saw many other people complaining about the rooms, cleanliness and prices during our stay.- The attached travel agency is very aggressive and trying to sell their tours which are heavily overpriced. Usually people arriving in the hotel will be asked to come to the travel office straight away. We asked them to quote for a 3 days tour and got it for one third of the price somewhere else later. DO NOT BUY TOURS AT THIS PLACE!!!- I can clearly say that I am not going to put a foot again into this hotel and can only recommend avoiding staying there.	
Jan 6 2008 	Not great	I think the only way to describe this hotel is disappointing.The room we stayed in was reasonably sized with a comfy bed, but wasn't particularly clean and the shower is best described as a lukewarm drizzle.The food in the restaurant is very tasty and reasonably priced.The location is handy for the train station but is a bit seedy and very noisy (but then this is Delhi so that's not too surprising).The worst part in this hotel is the constant hassle. The manager/travel agent is constantly trying to sell you tours, train tickets etc. At first it's not a problem but he carries on asking everytime he spots you, including when you're having a meal and it starts to get quite annoying.	
Jan 2 2008 	Tower of Terror!	We stayed here for 2 nights, 11th &amp; 12th December was meant to stay another night but didn't, read on and you will understand why!!Positive Location is only a 5min walk to New Delhi Train Station perfect for the early morning train to Agra Cantt station to see the Taj Mahal! (if you want any hints or tips on how to do it yourself don't hesitate to contact me).excellent free transfer from airport to hotel, took about 40 mins but this was in rush hour. Room 206 - massive bathroom and clean. TV, air-con (not needed in December), cheap mini-bar, hard bed (our preference). Restaurant served nice &amp; reasonable food however, if you don't like your meat on the bone then go vegetarian! No beer served in the restaurant but you can go up to the roof terrace and get a Kingfisher beer.NegativesNot enough toilet paper, I know it seem petty but why should you have to tip someone just to get the basics? The same went for towels. Why clean the bathroom and take away your dirty towels but not replace them unless you give them money?As I said earlier the food was nice in the restaurant, however the constant harressment from the waiters and manager meant that you could not enjoy your food! Also be aware of your meat on the bone, they use every part!No hot water at all on our last morning and when I went to speak to the manager he just ignored me and shrugged his shoulders when I asked if the water would come back on. This was the worst, constant building work on the 2nd floor - I mean all through the night. I think it actually started about 1am, you could actually taste the dust! It felt like they were building next door! When I went to reception and asked to be moved the manager again just ignored me. I had enough at this point and left, when we checked out my partner went over to speak to the manager who just stared at us and didn't say anything!I know that it's all down to personal choice but please do not stay in this hotel but if you do, good luck!!For our last night we stayed at the Hotel Palace Heights in Connaught Place. Please see review.	
Dec 22 2007 	Room cleaning optional!	Funny place - I've stayed in literally hundreds of hotels over the years, and this is one of the strangest. First of all, they don't automatically clean the room everyday - you have to request it! Secondly, they were renovating the rooms next door - till 4 in the morning! ... see photo. No amount of complaining made any difference. Although its close to the railway station, its very hard to find, and the website gives very poor directions.On the plus side, its friendly, reasonably clean and has a good internet cafe.The best thing,though, is the travel agency which the hotel operates. Mr Kamal Gupta helped me organise a trip up to Haridwar on the Ganges, which was very well run - and he suggested an excellent hotel. Thanks Kamal, you stopped the Ajanta from being a terrible disappointment.	
Dec 7 2007	Do not trust the travel agency!	We booked a hotel in Goa with the travel agency in the hotel. When we arrived in Goa, the hotel was disgusting, linen stained and unclean, swimming pool so unclean, couldn't see the steps, let alone the bottom.So, we called Ajanta to ask if we could get a refund, he said yes over the phone.....a month later, we are still trying to get a refund. We have emailed and called countless times and still no refund. We also found out since he was making 50% commission PER NIGHT on our booking.The hotel was not great either, poor location and our room had no windows!	
Dec 1 2007	Grand little place if they cleaned up	stayed here for a weekend,first room was on the 2nd floor beside some building site, very noisy and dusty, when i asked to be moved they reluctantly did so, to a far superior room on the 4th floor. It's in a noisy area and there is an open air venue right outside to the left of the hotel. The whole area is quite lively actually and this adds to the rough around the edges charmof the place.Staff are pretty gruff, but that didn't really bother me, just don't tip in those circumstances. The restaurant served lovely well priced food, and there were locals as well as tourists in the restaurant which is a good sign. It's reasonably priced if you are on a budget,with comp pickup from the airport and they also arrange trips to Agra and beyond.If only i was convinced that my bed had been made with clean sheets the first day and if only they had bothered to service my room the second day i would have said above average!	
Nov 22 2007 	Good travel agency!	The hotel is okay and recommended for short stays in Delhi however it is situated in an crowded an noisy area.I found hotel's travel agency very helpful due to it's capable, experienced and friendly travel agent Mr. Kamal!	
Oct 30 2007	It was an experience that I will always remeber fondly	Frome the very first moment we walked into the Hotel we knew that we were going to come back again and again. We have never felt so at home and comfortable at any other establishment. From the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff, everyone was very pleasent, helpful and warm. I would surely recomend this hotel to any of my freinds and family.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fawlty Towers of India!	I rate this as &quot;terrible&quot; because it was...er...terrible! Actually, Ithink the hotel is perfectly comfortable in a seedy, old colonial yetbohemian sort of way. It has one lift which I wouldn't trust to be infor more than 2 minutes, a concierge on every level who likes to knowexactly what you are doing and how many tips he can make from you in any one conversation and who'll report you falsely to the boss for trying to give you own clothes to local builders. Hot water was intermittent. Creepy managers near reception loiter to ask how you are doing only as a foil to get you to use their restaurant, their taxi services, their facilities. However, once you tell them you are leaving or are not pleased with certain aspects, they drop you like a dead donkey to fend for yourself. That said, their restaurant is pretty good and certainly convenient and their rooms fairly clean, although we slept in our own bed covers as the dirty marks on the sheets looked suspect. The most disturbing creepiness of all though was when a manager came to us on our first night as we were about to sample the delights of the street informed us that at night the road was not safe from muggers and thieves. I felt this was a strange, overkill way of getting us to use their restaurant. When we booked a second night (for convenience) they had hiked the Expedia price by more than double. If you like quirky, creepy, soiled and disingenuous, this is the place for you. What Expedia are doing to team up with these people is beyond me!	
Oct 28 2007 	Decent Hotel	The hotel was nicer than expected. The rooms were basic but fine for the price. Our room had a balcony which was great to see the hustle and bustle down below us. Was a little noisy at times, but that's expected in the city! :o) The restaurant food was delicious and all staff very helpful. It was also convenient having internet access onsite. Overall, I would stay there again as the location is great (not too far from Connaught street in Tuk Tuk).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great place to stay in Delhi	Firstly the location is just excellent. It is in the heart of the city and accessible to shooping and sight seeing districts.Next is the pricing. Real value for money. But I do not mean that is is devoid of luxury and amenities. Its a clean and confortable placeStaff is courteous and the over all stay was a rather pleasant one	
Jul 24 2007 	Decent hotel terrible surroundings	This is a relatively clean and organized place, but is located in a chaotic area near the New Delhi railway station. Be aware of touts waiting right outside the door!The restaurant offers decent food and there seemed to be a crowd of other tourists. Prices are fair, but if you dont have a booking, negotiate before accepting their offer.	
Jul 19 2007 	Over-rated Hoax!!	Noting the pretty decent reviews about this place, my friends &amp; I had the unfortunate 'luxury' of staying at this hotel. The airport pickup was on time. Checking in past midnight was almost a nightmare... Save that we were not in mood to argue with Jetlag setting in. The rooms given us were probably not cleaned in the last month. (and those sheets- ugh!) Especially the toilet. If it wasnt for the ungodly hour we landed there, we would have just picked up our bags and walked down the street in search of another place. (there are plenty of them on this street) The surrounding area is vibrant and full of life, though the dust and noise intermingles.The guys at the counter tried their best to rip us off at every turn, and I can only imagine how some of those 'good' reviews have appeared. The next day checked out, despite their attempts to intimidate us... and found a nice, clean place just down the street called Godwin at a much lesser tag.	
Jul 15 2007 	Horrible experience!	The rooms are not very clean and our air condition was so noisy it was difficult to go to sleep. I would never stay here again! and would recommend everybody else to stay away. There are so many better places on the same road.This is not a hotel but a travel agent! We arrived with a late flight from London and all the hotel was interested in when we arrived was to sell us one of their trips. Since it was our first night we thought we should be polite and listen even though we had made our own arrangements before leaving home. We were told that the route we had planning was stupid and that a stretch we wanted to take the train was impossible - although we actually had a ticket for it and the train was definitely running. We had booked a car to pick us up the next morning to go to Agra. We were again told in a rather aggressive way that it was ridicolous for a car to come from agra to pick us up to then drive back to agra, the only way sesnible to do this was to drive from delhi to agra and back to delhi... Further the hotel made every effort for our driver not to find us and when he asked fo us they even said there were nobody with that name staying at this hotel. There are so many other places to stay in Delhi, pick any of them just not this one!	
Jun 4 2007	Tour operator	After to have read positive comments on this website, we decided to book for 2 nights in this hotel.According to the quality of the facilities offered by the hotel, the price for a room is expensive. Moreover, on the spot, we booked a 13-days trip with the tour operator of the hotel Ajanta. We were very disappointed by the gap between the initial prestations presented to sell the trip and the real quality of the activities and the hotels. We paid indeed an expensive price to get air cond and hot water in each hotel, and it was not the case for many nights. In addition, we booked for a camel ride in a desert with a &quot;wonderful&quot; night under a big tent in the desert with local dances and a huge diner ... but once in the desert, the guy in charge of this activity explained us that it is not possible to sleep under a tent and he never heard about these local dances ... We decided to cancel the remaining days of our trip to go back in Delhi in to discuss &quot;hardly&quot; with the hotel Ajanta to refund money back. We are very angry to have paid an expensive price for bad prestation and, finally, to get bad holidays.	
May 23 2007 	OVER RATED!!! trust me..its crap for the price	Ok, I read the reviews about this place and took it for granted. Its not a bad place...but NOT worth the price. I went to stay there for 4 nites but only stayed for 2 becuse there are better hotels along that streach for much cheaper and better quality. I stayed at the Godwin. Much better. Food was excellent and the servious was fabulous. Ajanta didnt even change the sheets. ITS CRAP! absolutly OVERATED...Dont fall for the pics on the web site....just Trust me.They also try to cheat you if you check in at mid nite onwards...they no you are tired and try to manupulate (Just as the previous reviews stayted...they charged me extra TAX after confirming one rate and wanted full payment upfront. (Do not fall for this). there is no such thing as paying full payment upfront.Overall its an ok place, the airport pick was on time....BUT it is absolutly NOT worth the price when you compare the hotels around that place. I will never book the place or recommned it to anyone. NO WAY!! they are over priced, even if you think its cheap. If you are not convinced...stay there one night and then walk around and ask the hotels around you...check out the rates and the rooms...I bet you will check out the next morning! Good luck!	
May 17 2007 	Terrible place - bad experience	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta just went from good to bad to worse in the three days we stayed there. Here is an account of what happened. We had a reconfirmation (not just confirmation) from their reservation agent before May 1st regarding our booking. But when we arrived on May 1 at 2 pm at Hotel Ajanta, they had no idea about our booking. Our name did not show up in their list or anywhere else. So, they took us in as a walk-in customer. They promptly went into their marketing gimmick of showing us a really small room first and then a larger family room (Room 416) which was available on discount that day. The rate was Rs. 1500 in place of their regular Rs. 1800. We accepted it and took the room. The room was nice and I have no complaints about this room for the price we were offered. However, later on they must have checked with their agent and found out that the accepted rate between us was Rs. 1575. So, they charged Rs. 1575 to us the next day which was fine for me as that was the contracted rate. Their rate fluctuates depending on circumstance and the person in front of them - that is dynamic pricing for you.We then left for Agra the next day (May 2) with our baggage left at the hotel saying that we were coming back in a day to stay at the hotel again as per my reservation with the agent. The manager at the reception (Mr. Kaushal) gave me his contact numbers and said I should confirm with them before I leave Agra so that they can keep a room for us. I did so at 12 noon on May 3 by making a call from Agra and letting them know that we were arriving at 11 pm. Obviously their processes are not in tune with the needs of the travellers of today. So, when we arrived at 11 pm, there were no rooms for us and most were already booked. So, they sent us to a room (Room 402) which was a suite with inadequate bedding for the four of us but large open spaces. Seeing the room I knew that the room would cost a lot more than Rs.1575. They did not mention the rate to us while sending us there anyways. When I called them up to enquire about the rate for the room they said it will cost me Rs. 4000 for one night (again at a discount of course as it is usually priced at Rs. 4500). This was not acceptable to me and they reduced it to Rs. 3000. Finally after some haggling and fighting in the middle of the night they agreed to let us stay in the room for Rs. 1575 for one night. The next morning we had to pack our bags and keep it ready so they could move us to another appropriate room since this suite was at our disposal only for one night. We packed our bags and left them there and went for the sight seeing tour which we had booked through the travel agent who sits at the counter at the same hotel (the sight seeing trip was another disappointment which I do not intend to describe). When we came back tired at about 9 pm that night, we had no room again and our bags were still sitting in the same place where we left them in the morning. I argued with the guy at the counter about the reservation and our experience of the previous day etc. . Finally, he gave me a family room for that night (Room 316) which I thought would be similar to the first room we got and liked, but it was not so. It had fewer beds and less moving space. They said they would charge us extra if we wanted extra beds and so we decided to adjust with what we had. And then to our horror, we found that the cold water taps in the bathroom were dry. All we had was hot water from the taps. We were too tired to argue or get anything done as it was already late, so we just grinned and bore it. We resolved not to return to this hotel ever again in our lives.  Moral of the story: Hotels like these are not tuned to taking care of modern day travellers. Indian budget hotels have not grown up with the times where reservations are honoured. They do not take advance payments (I asked the agent about making payments in advance and she said I need not worry only that I should just show up). They are only tailored to take in walk-in customers. So, you better show up between 12 noon and 4 pm and you might have options to get a good room. After that, they will just chuck you into any room and charge you whatever they want, reservations be damned. I do not know how they got listed on Lonely Planet and otehr publications.....I did see a number of non-Indians who had checked in thinking this is a great place. I am not sure if they are treated any better (reverse discrimination....)  Regards Jay	
May 7 2007 	Good for the Price	This place was a pleasant suprise, I have to say. Everyone says Delhi is a nightmare with hotels and to be honest this was good at a good price.Room was nice. View was not so good but I wasn't for sitting in my room gazing at any view so that was fine. The bed was comfortable. There was a mini-bar, which I think the prices were fine. It had chocolate too. Television was fine- medium sized.Location is good. 5 minute autorickshaw from Connaught Place. I liked the area. It's a bit dingy but the energy was good. Such a stretch of hotels on the street, a row of neon. Found it nice to breeze through. A lot of people complained that it was dirty. It was a bit but the energy was generally good. Some stores nearby were grand too. There was a market nearby where there was a random security entrance unplugged and planked in the middle of the road. Strange looking thing.Restaurant on the ground floor was another surprise. They had a nice buffet and I liked the way they kind of replaced rice with porridge flakes in a curried pea dish. Very subtle and tasty. The evening meal was also nice. Actually had a pizza here that was a delight. Chai was lovely. It appeared to do a good trade too, which was encouraging.Each floor had a hall monitor type guy who ran to you when you moved. This was helpful but a bit crowding. The staff were fine but there was a lot of drama and theater with receipts and everything really. You stood there as they started to lose their heads over a simple request you made. Sometimes they just chased you shouting questions. They were good natured for the most part though.I can see why some people were a bit wary of the travel agency. We got the pitch there, well actually we didn't. They bring you in and make a fuss of you and then get mad as hell when you don't want their services even though you're upfront from the start. This is a bit of a turn off. Some prices quoted to us seemed to be really excessive based on us looking them up afterwards. But we didn't book anything so we have no need to complain about being burned. Be a bit careful with this one though.Also, when you get there shop around the rooms because the condition varies wildly. We visited a person we had met in Jaipur in their back room and it was something else. There was a full scale construction thing going on outside and I'm not talking that the noise was near. The construction was right there. If you put your hand out the window you could have gotten your hand crushed by some kinda hydrolic shaft thing. There was a backdoor to the room that was not the most secure thing. Therefore be very careful in choosing wisely. The computer room was great and fast. The taxi service as good. We got a good price to the airport compared to the fleecing we had gotten from someone else in another direction.Thanks to Lonely Planet washing their hands of the hotels and inns in Delhi in general our expecations were low and we found that this place was fine really. The staff were a bit hyperactive but if you insist on picking a good room it's a good choice really.	
Apr 26 2007 	The Ajanta is trying hard	I stayed here about 15 years ago and it was a dump. In March 2007 I found it changed almost beyond recognition. They are obviously trying hard to capture the tourist market. The airport pick up worked perfectly on both occasions I used it. Front rooms with windows can be incredibly noisy - ask for a change. Many rooms have, in effect, no windows but they are very clean and well maintained. The restaurant is very good and can get crowded. At present a lot of work is going on within the hotel and this can cause noise and disruption - and they need to get the lift upgraded! All the front of house services worked well. Room service could be slow but it was ok. The staff are pleasant and helpful. So far as I know you are not going to do better, for the price, in Delhi.	
Mar 5 2007	Great hotel in a not great location	This hotel was not my first choice, but the first choice was booked. That said, it turned out to be better than I expected and we stayed there twice for a total of 5 nights. It is family run and there are lots of people in the lobby waiting to help you. The hall porter on each floor is also eager to help: he is your main contact for anything you need, from room service to laundry. It is very clean and well decorated: exterior rooms have lots of sun and marble floors (and street noise). Interior rooms have no windows and wall-to-wall carpeting, and they are quiet. It also has a restaurant with a good breakfast buffet and the butter chicken at dinner is excellent. This hotel also has a travel agency on the premises that operates on the &quot;strong arm&quot; sales approach. While you may not like their sales style, the travel agency is reputable and can help you plan and book your travel throughout India.We used them with no problems. We also liked the hotel Internet room - about 8 computers with good connections at a very good price. One caveat: this hotel is a short walk from the train station and the neighborhood is congested, dirty, and noisy. But once you're in the hotel, it feels like an oasis.	
Jan 4 2007 	Only prepay if turning up early to ensure decent room	We read the good reviews for this hotel and thought it sounded pretty reasonable, but when we turned up at 4am (admittedly a few hours late) for our room which we had prepaid for, they must have given us the worst room in the place. There was a wooden board in replacement for the window, dirty pillow cases, hole-in-the-floor toilet and manky bathroom. It looks like we were in the only part of the hotel that hadn't been refurbished. However we only had to stay for 2 hours before catching our train at New Delhi (only 30R in a tuktuk to reach). The best thing about this hotel for us was that we were able to prebook all our train tickets and pick them up before moving on which was really handy. Moral of the story, if you turn up late having prepaid - toughluck, you get what you're given! I would go back but only if I could see the room before paying and ensure a refurbished one.	
Dec 27 2006 	Over-priced	We stayed here for 3 nights in December (2006), We arrived late and had arranged an airport pick up, but once we arrived at the hotel desperate for some sleep we were left in one of the side rooms while the check in staff stood around and talked, we were then given a talk about the services offered by the hotel, when we declined we were finally shown to our rooms.The room was clean and functionaly, though there was erratic hot water in the bathroom.The staff were of limited help and seemed more interested in offering paid services rather than giving helpful advice (They also have a member of staff on each floor who each time you go back tries to escort you to your room and expects a tip - we ended up trying to tip toe back to our room to avoid this)Dont use the pre paid taxi booth in the reception - this is vastly over pricved, go outside and get an autrickshaw (the pre pay booth charged us 100 ruppees to the train station, the autorickshaw was 20 and its only a 10 min walk away)One very positive point is the roof top restaurant. The food was fantastic, the staff friendly and very helpful and the value was tremendous.Overall, there are many better and substantially cheaper places in Delhi	
Dec 22 2006 	Okay but depends on what you pay.	Stayed at the Hotel Ajanta in November of 2006. Our airport pickup was there at 4am when we arrived, but when we checked in we were given standard rooms (no windows, no working air conditioning, barely functioning toilet and broken locks on the doors) instead of what we had reserved. As promised they gave us their 'best' rooms the next day, which they call 'presidential suites' but which are really just rooms where everything works. We were in town on business so we irked them when we said we had no need for any of their tour arrangements. I once overheard the matriarch of the hotel trying to convince a Swiss couple not to take another tour by a different company because it was run by 'untrustworthy Kashmiri's'. In India you have to take spruiking for granted but the Hotel Ajanta does take it to another level.They won't clean your room unless you leave them your room key. The risk with that is that you may not have a room left by the time you return to collect it again. Do so at your own risk. The internet cafe is functional and probably the best on the street, though the guy who runs it is always trying to screw you. The Hotel Ajanta is a standard experience for those looking for budget hotels in Delhi, so if you're looking for a more relaxed, comfortable stay, perhaps try somewhere else. Being in the thick of things at the Hotel Ajanta might be something you'd prefer to avoid. Delhi is full on as it is, and someplace like the Taj Ambassador Hotel might be more to your liking.Still, it wasn't a completely negative experience - breakfast is decent for what you pay, but avoid having lunch or dinner there. Guaranteed food poisoning.Avoid, if possible.	
Nov 17 2006	Not a good choice	We stayed in Ajanta with my s.o. in the beginning of November ´06. We definetly are not picky, but this time the hotel really managed to disapoint us.We arrived late at night and were given a small room with no windows and two beds instead of double bed - not what we had ordered and paid beforehand, and definetly not what we had seen in the pictures on hotels website. After a moan we were given a new room, which did have a double bed, but where there was only boiling hot water in the shower and where the toilet didn't flush. We complained again and were given the first, small and dirty, room again, for there were no other rooms available. Next day we moved again, this time to another room with a double bed. There were windows - which gave to the hallway! The personell started to work there every morning at 6.30, and as they were very loud and the walls did not stop the sound at all, we simply could not sleep. The bathroom was uncomfortable and infested by insects.Our room was cleaned only after I asked for it for the second time. Not one of the rooms had sheets until we asked the personell to bring them. This repeated every day. All the towels were dirty - really, all of them, also after we had asked for new ones.The personell didn't seem to care about us - they didn't, for excample, apologise once during the late night when we moved from one room to another and back again. It seems they simply don't have to do that - they had the hotel booked full anyway. Something positive? My mother, who stayed in Ajanta couple of days before us, was treated decently and transferred to an ok room, but only after two days of hardcore tipping.The location was ok.Summary: unclean, noisy hotel, where we felt ourselves not wanted. Could serve as a one star -hostel, but definetly not worth the price.	
Nov 2 2006	Good value if you don't mind being in the thick of it	This Hotel is above average because it is good value. We stayed in a semi businessness room for 1,300 Indian Rupees per night including a decent breakfast. The room was big with a lounge, coffee table and desk. With good light and an ok bathroom which was clean. A basic clean place with a roof top restaurant. It is in old Delhi so it is a bit full on as soon as you leave the hotel	
Oct 10 2006 	Vey disappointing	My partner and I stayed here for 3 and 2 nights in Sept/Oct '06 at the start and end of our holiday having booked via Hotel Club in June.Although we had paid for a superior twin, initially we were assigned a tiny room with no windows. After a moan we were given a better room with a shared balcony.The lavatory would not flush and despite many requests to get it fixed nothing happened and for two days we were obliged to flush it using buckets filled in the bath. The bathroom had a wooden louvered window which could not be closed. Overnight the bathroom was infested by insects which totally covered every horizontal surface.The air conditioner tripped about every couple of hours and each time we had to seek out someone to reset the trip. This was a common problem with all three of the rooms we had.After a further round of complaints we were moved to another room where at least the lavatory worked.We did not receive the ‘hard sell’ from the Travel Office and in general the staff were friendly but just hopeless. We witnessed several disputes at Reception one so severe that we were moved to an office to complete our check in. The Buffet breakfast in the dinning room was stone cold even at 09.00.Ignore the lovely pics of the roof top restaurant, it is a tip and apparently used for storing junk. There is, however, a sign stating that you can have a coke and a pizza for about a quid.On the whole very disappointing and by far the worst hotel we stayed at during out two week visit and by no means the least expensive.I believe that ‘The Rough Guide’ should review their recommendation which is prominently displayed all over the Hotel.	
Sep 25 2006 	Ok go for it	The place is not bad after all. I guess it depends on the room you get.We booked the 1st night through expedia and where charged 23 euro. The room (was spacious and with a nice bathroom but no aircon. Very noisy due to the street.The price would not go down, so we asked another room and we got a smaller one (218) with aircon, for 900 (16 euro) which I thought was better. No idea why the other one is more expensive.The restaurant is great value, the lady of the travel agency is nice but asks you all the time what are your plans, a bit pushy.The room service is fast and does not overcharge, so you can ask for a tea and get it in 5 minutes for 22 rp (0,40 euro cents).I checked some hotels in the area and this is the average, maybe even a bit better.They all loook great from the reception and then it goes down once you are in the rooms.	
Sep 10 2006 	Skip the in-house travel agent!	Good room, but wasn't fully clean when we arrived. Short walk to New Dehli railway station (7 minutes), but a fair step to Connaught Place (15 minutes). Reasonably priced restaurant with good food. Reliable internet and phone service. Only real downside was the pushy guy in the travel agent who offered us a vastly overpriced trip and then became unhelpful once we said no.	
Jun 26 2006	Avoid in Summer	On arrival everything seemed ok, but on entry to the rooms they seemed to be falling apart. We stayed for 4 nights, not all consecutively and eventually hadto change because of the poor quality. If you pay budget you get budget. Our stay was in June when the weather is hot. The a/c cuts out everyday between 6pm and 9pm. The rooms have fridges, which seem to be ornamental, they didnt fucntion!! The lift did not work alot of the time. Location is right in the centre with all the hustle and bustle so do not expect peace. Restaurant Service extremely slow. It took the waiters around 10 minutes just to give us the bill! Each floor has a janitor, they were the only pleasant things about our stay at the hotel. Very hard working and will attend to all your requests (apart from gettin the ac working). When we made our complaints no discounts were given, instead a 'deluxe room' was offered at the same price which had exactly the same facilites as the standard rooms, including a non functioning fridge and non functioning air con.	
May 20 2006	Noisy Poor Service Avoid it	very noisy, could not sleep at all, ordered eggs, came with shells, just avoid this hotel and as always look at the room before you buy.	
May 11 2006 	Awful !	ABSOLUTELY avoid this hotel : dirty, expensive, very unpleasant people, we are furious, we paid a lot and in advance, and our rooms had been given to somebody else when we came back from a trip to Udaipur. They invented an incredible lie to justify it, and were very unpleasant with us. You have to ask for your room to be cleaned up, (and just forget it for the bath), we asked for a presidential suite and had one big and one little bed, without any fruit basket, people always ask for money, we stayed blocked in the lift, we were given wrong hour for the plane trip and waited 4 hours in the airport to go to Udaipur, etc, etc).	
Apr 30 2006	the ajanta trap	con merchants seems an adequate description , the rooms are clean by indian standards , the so called free airport pick up seems to be a downright lie , you will be prssured to take out a tour to the golden triangle and the management will sulk if you dont book it...the staffa are at best indifferent and at wost rude....the floor staff will talk loudly all night just outside your room and will take every opportunity to ingratiate themselves , without actually being of any help.your room may well smell of some weird chemical that i presume they use to kill bugs...you can get much better much cheaper in delhiso my advice would be book a room for one night then move on and watch the management sulk...sorry ajanta but we customers are important and very few of us are millionaires , hard to descrbe how unwelcoming the staff are undernath their smug exteriors , incidentally keep your eye on the email man who will make sure you spend the maximum amount , take a usb if you need one and use the small intenet caff across the road which is half price and friendlyish.	
Apr 26 2006	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!Do not make the mistake I did and stay in this hotel only because it has a website. There's far better options out there. This is how they operate. You book online thinking that this will be a great place to stay after seeing the pictures on their website. When you get there you're not allowed to have a look at the room before but you have to sit down and talk to the incredibly pushy sales woman who's trying to sell you one of their tours. You have to be really firm here as she will not give up very easily. We we're not interested at all in any of there tours as we'd come to India for a friends wedding and to see India on our own in our own time. She stopped smiling when she found out that we weren't interested. She took us out to the reception and said something in hindi to the receptionist sounding very annoyed. Probably because she didn't get us into booking a tour. Before leaving UK, we had booked the second most expensive room at hotel Ajanta thinking this would be one of the nicer room among their pictures on their website. However, as we didn't buy a tour they were't interested in giving us a nice room or providing us with good customer service. They claimed that the dirty room we were given was the room we had paid for. So, if you intend to buy a tour with these guys then you might find this hotel ok (but still overpriced) as they will give you the better room and suck up to you. But if you;re no interested in tours...STAY CLEAR OF THIS DUMP. I discovered a great place on my second trip to Delhi. It came recomended from other travelers I met. It's called &quot;Cottage, Yes Please&quot; and is located in the same area as Hotel Ajanata. It's very close to the cinema. We got a spotless room for 600 R.	
Apr 22 2006	Terrible	Dont make the mistake of booking your first few nights in Delhi at this place simply because its one of the only budget places to have a website! Rooms nothing like the pictures, payed over twice the price of similar style rooms you could get elsewhere. Dirty shower and toilet etc etc. Fair enough the airport pick up is handy and free., but this is more than made up for by the high room rates you pay. Just get a taxi and have a look around a popular central area in Delhi and youll find something better - i did this the second time i came to delhi a month later (after a long flight) and found something better for half the price - namely - 'cottage yes please' strange name i know but good.	
Mar 31 2006	Do not trust the Lonely Planet's recommendation for Hotel Ajanta!!	Like many others, I was duped into booking with the Hotel Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet's recommendation.What a mistake!!First, keep in mind that to secure a reservation on-line, the hotel charges you in advance for the room. You can imagine my surprise when I was met at the Delhi airport for pick-up an hour late, and then kindly informed upon arriving at the Hotel Ajanta that they had given my room (that I had already paid for in full) to another, but that they had a room for me in their &quot;sister&quot; hotel down the dumpy street.Unfortunately, the &quot;sister&quot; hotel insisted on being paid for the room separately, and did not appear to know much about its &quot;brother&quot; hotel (the Hotel Ajanta) up the road. When I complained about this the following morning at the Hotel Ajanta desk, they refused to refund my money for the Hotel Ajanta booking, and offered me their wretched breakfast instead.Second, after this awful experience, I proceeded to cancel other reservations I had made with Hotel Ajanta for later in my India trip. Although Hotel Ajanta has been assuring me for the last 40 days with multiple e-mails that they have processed my refund for these later nights, I have yet to receive a refund, and have had to turn directly to my credit card company for assistance. The bottom line is that Hotel Ajanta knows very well how to take your money and charge your card, but God forbid they give it back to you, even when they have agreed in writing to do so!If you believe that frustration, wasted time, and broken promises are part of any India experience, knock yourself out and stay at the Hotel Ajanta. I never will.	
Mar 6 2006	Good hotel seedy area	I stayed at this hotel with my son in January. After having read more than 30 reviews, with such variable responses, I was a little cautious. Many reviewers were angry at the aggressive selling of tour packages. We arrived in the middle of the night, and I expected an aggressive sales routine, but there was none. The room was plain, reasonably clean and cheap (for Delhi). I booked on-line for $10 US. The staff was courteous and fairly efficient. I did get a sales promotion the next day, but after shopping around, found a better deal (but not hugely better). I simply declined, and that was the end. The restaurant was good, although the breakfast buffet was expensive, and it was much cheaper to simply order a parantha from the menu. I would recommend this hotel, but the surrounding area is quite dirty and possibly shocking for someone new to India.	
Feb 13 2006	You get what you pay for	I stayed at Hotel Ajanta this Feb 2006. Basically, you get what you pay for. The hotel is old but clean. The rooms are very basic but do have a television with cable. The hotel has a money changer, internet cafe, travel agent and a pretty good restaurant all under one roof. There were many foreign tourists there from all over the world who seemed pretty happy there. The one major drawback is the area in which the hotel is located which is Paharganj and is a total dump. However, the hotel will arrange a car/rickshaw for you to get you out of the area as easiliy as possible. I suggest taking your own blanket, soap, towel and an extra sheet if you are picky. These are things which will make your stay at this hotel more comfortable. If you can afford to stay in an area other than Paharganj I would do so because the rest of Dehli is actually very nice. But if you are on a budget, the Ajanta has a lot to offer.One more thing, if you do rent a car and driver from the hotel. Be firm with you driver. Our driver kept trying to take us to the &quot;Tourist&quot; shops (Cottage Industries, Gov't approved etc.) and these shops charge you more than double than the price in the markets. The driver pretty much refused to take us to any local markets without first having us waste our time at these &quot;gov't approved&quot; markets. Hope you have a great time in Delhi	
Feb 13 2006	Ajanta Hotel -Nice but couple of things to watch out for	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Ajanta hotel in Delhi in Jan 06. Its convenient for the station and sights of New and Old Delhi and a nice haven from the bustle of the Ram Nagar area outside, Food's OK - nothing spectacular, and they gave us a complimentary pick up from the airport. I would recommend it but watch out for a few things:1) Make sure the room you are given is the standard you have booked and are paying for. We got shown a &quot;nice quiet room&quot; (windowless) but which was clearly not the Semi Business Double we had booked and were quoted for.2) We did not use their travel agency services, but found them overly persistent and pressurising. They will try and catch you with your guard down when you check in and give you the hard sell before you get to see your room or key. Say no and demand your room NOW! They also used the old &quot;delhi isn't safe - you must book all your cars etc through us&quot; tactic. Good practice for the level of touting in India generally, but you could do without it from inside your hotel.3) When we left we booked a taxi (through the hotel's taxi desk) to take us to the airport and strangely found ourselves giving a lift to the hotel rep who was travelling to the airport to pick up some other newly arriving guests. This is how they afford to give complementary airport pick-ups - by getting departing guests to pay for the taxi. Dead cheeky!	
Jan 18 2006	Nothing special but not expensive	First, I really appreciated the free airport pickup.Second, the neighborhood leaves much to be desired. Granted, we were leaving from the nearby New Delhi train station the next day, so it was all we needed. Still, not a place I'd love to spend time in.The rooms were OK, especially given the price. I too was put off by the touting of tours -- especially during my phone call from the U.S. to book the room!	
Nov 24 2005	Rude Management	I had booked six rooms for myself &amp; my colleages. On arrival at the hotel, they didn't have the right rooms as we booked for and one of the room was not available for my friend. We had asked to see the owner/manager Mr Arya. When we confronted Mr Arya, he just ignored us &amp; didn't even bother to solve the problem of accomodating us. I think in view of attracting foreign customers through their joint travel agency service, the whole management of this hotel is terrible. The hotel is overpriced for the service it gives. Better off getting hotels (Godwin/Crystal/Yuvraj etc)nearby with better service &amp; cheaper.	
Aug 11 2005 	Can Not Trust	The hotel staff taking my reservation on the phone was rude and sounding as if doing me a favour (ok, I can understand that a low-grade hotel cannot afford to hire polite staff). So far so good. Then he wanted to charge to me for my airport pickup request (their website says its free) so I declined the pickup. Inspite of offering my credit card details to confirm the reservation, he said will hold my reservation without the card details. I informed that I will check in after midnite.Upon reaching the hotel, I found the same staff who took my reservation on phone. First he declined he had any reservation in my name. When I insisted on seeing the reservation register and found my name in it, he gave the following assorted reasons for not having a room for me:1. You arrived late.2. Your reservation is for the following day, not today.3. You didn't use our airport pickup4. You didn't provide us with your card details.5. You didn't email to confirm the reservation.He offered to put me up in his friend's hotel next door (a shabby room at exorbitant price) for the night and move me into his property the following morning. As it was midnite, I reluctantly agreed. The next day he flatly refused to check me in at his property. I noticed that other guests at the hotel reception area were being treated extremely well and offered rooms. I was not because:1. I am not white skin2. I don't hold an American or European passport3. I was not going pay in dollars but in Indian rupees.Reserve your stay here at your own risk.Kumar3.	
Jul 8 2005	You get what you pay for.	There seems to be a lot of room for differences in quality of your stay here based on which room and/or floor you are on. My room was nothing great, but acceptably clean except for the serious musty smell of the mattress and curtains. My air con worked fine, but a woman on the 3rd floor (I was on the 2nd) said she had to choose between being very hot all night, or trying to sleep over the racket from her air conditioner. The airport pickup worked well, which is a big advantage. But I thought the onsite travel agency was a bit pushy. The restaurant was quite good, and reasonably priced. Overall, this is a decent deal for the money, especially in Delhi, where prices can be outrageous. Definitely ask to see the room before checking in, and don't be afraid to ask for another room if you don't like the first one you see.	
May 30 2005	Free Airport transfer close to Train Station	We arrived in the middle of the night at Delhi airport and had a 7am train to the Punjab the following morning. We booked the hotel very easily on expedia and arranged a free hotel pick-up (not detailed on expedia but on their website). They were there waiting for us and took us safely to the Hotel (we therefore avoided the much commented on Delhi airport scrum of Taxi drivers). Given that we paid £27 for a room for 3 of us the pickup was worth that alone (it is a fair whack to the airport). We spent only about 4 hours in the hotel room which had no window but for somewhere clean to put our head and it was fine. Check in was fine and friendly. The station was an 'enlightening' 5-10 minute walk at 6am but being so close made catching the train very easy. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want somewhere to put your head on day one for an easy exit to the train station but not exactly the place to have a long relaxing holiday and I don't recognise the photo on expedia. The photo from the window posted on trip advisor is a good reflection of the neighborhood we saw.	
Apr 20 2005	An OK hotel in one of the worst locations in Delhi	We have just returned from a one week stay at the hotel. We had a windowless room that was passable. It's clean and decent. However, the staff walking the hallways are loud and disturb your sleep. The lobby is narrow and long and I guess because of construction, dining is also there.The staff at Hotel Ajanta tried to sell us overpriced packages to visit Jaipur and Agra and tried to convince us that this was a better deal. It's cheaper to take the Shatabdi express and do day trips to each city. There are a number of staff during the evening and it is fair to say, they all hover around you and some of them need to know your personal business, and your day plan.The Internet Café was perhaps one of the best facilities that the hotel offers. The location of the hotel is unfortunately unappealing. Outside, the street is filthy and narrow, packed with cars, rickshaws, vendors, taxi drivers and everything else imaginable. The staff is super-nice only when you do things their way, but don't be fooled. They're are there to take your money. Buyers beware!The room was clean and decent. Seeing the room for the first time, I was extremely pleased, especially since I feared the worst from its outside appearance. As they say, never judge a book by its cover. The service in the restaurant is extremely slow. My husband and I ordered at the same time. About ten minutes later, a couple arrived. It was ten minutes after everybody was served, that I received my order and by then the toast had turned into &quot;biscotti&quot;.Overall, I wouldn't not stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it.	
Apr 17 2005	poor value	We have been backpacking round India for over a month and got the Ajanta hotel from TripAdvisor. The room rates are variable, they charge what they like. The reception is pushy, they try to sell you a tour of Jaipur and Agras, as soon as you arrive, by taxi for 12000 rps for 2 people which is certainly not good value even with accomodation - you can do the round trip by train for just over 3000 + accomodation at 200-350 per night for decent places.The rooms are clean(ish) but a bit pokey and the shared toilets are dirty. The final nail in the coffin is the staff, one guy who always seemed to be hanging around just outside our door had the cheek to demand a tip for &quot;my good service&quot; when we were leaving despite the fact that he had done nothing more than say good morning to me!We have to go back through Delhi and we won't be staying here.	
Mar 9 2005	Pros 		
Dec 31 2004 	Ajanta Hotel		
Dec 31 2004 	??????????		
Nov 21 2009 	gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Nov 5 2009 	Sehr gut und jeder Zeit wieder		
Oct 26 2009 	ottimo il prezzo....ma non del tutto confortevole		
Jul 19 2009 	Le luxe à petit prix!		
Jun 26 2009 	Bien situé et bien tenu - Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 24 2009 	bof		
Feb 27 2009 	pour les chambres ce n		
Feb 14 2009 	Hôtel impeccable		
Dec 21 2008 	Horrible ni se os ocurra		
Nov 11 2008 	beurk bruyant arnaque		
Oct 22 2008 	a eviter!!!		
Sep 17 2008 	??????????		
Sep 15 2008 	hotel a fuire  croyez moi		
Feb 1 2008 	Im Ajanta haben wir uns wohlgefühlt		
Nov 18 2007 	engaños continuos		
Sep 12 2007 	Zimmer und Preise genau checken!	